<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs">
<head>
<title>Lessons learnt - Electromagnetic Field</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.20.1" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/2012/misc/favicon.ico" />
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/2012/opensearch_desc.php" title="Electromagnetic Field (en)" />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" href="api.php?action=rsd" />
<link rel="copyright" href="/2012/COPYING.html" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Electromagnetic Field Atom feed" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;feed=atom" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint%2Cshared%7Cskins.monobook&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*" />
<!--[if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/2012/skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/2012/skins/monobook/IE70Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]--><meta name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles" content="" />
<style>a{text-decoration:none}#toc{display:none}.editsection{display:none}
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-css:7:976783b4e38d41c66f69f0c83dc46169 */</style>

<script src="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=startup&amp;only=scripts&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*"></script>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.config.set({"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":false,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"Lessons_learnt","wgTitle":"Lessons learnt","wgCurRevisionId":3118,"wgArticleId":484,"wgIsArticle":true,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":[],"wgBreakFrames":false,"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRelevantPageName":"Lessons_learnt","wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"sfgAutocompleteValues":[],"sfgAutocompleteOnAllChars":false,"sfgFieldProperties":[],"sfgDependentFields":[],"sfgShowOnSelect":[],"sfgScriptPath":"/w/extensions/SemanticForms"});
}</script><script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.implement("user.options",function(){mw.user.options.set({"skin":"monobook","editsection":0});;},{},{});mw.loader.implement("user.tokens",function(){mw.user.tokens.set({"editToken":"+\\","watchToken":false});;},{},{});
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-js:7:d50ed6faa6d35e0fe3e6a43155d953fd */
}</script>

		<link rel="alternate" type="application/rdf+xml" title="Lessons learnt" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/Lessons_learnt&amp;xmlmime=rdf" />
</head>
<body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr ns-0 ns-subject page-Lessons_learnt skin-monobook action-view">
<div id="globalWrapper">
<div id="column-content"><div id="content" class="mw-body-primary">
	<a id="top"></a>
	
	<h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading"><span dir="auto">Lessons learnt</span></h1>
	<div id="bodyContent" class="mw-body">
		<div id="siteSub">From Electromagnetic Field</div>
		<div id="contentSub"></div>
		<!-- start content -->
<div id="mw-content-text" lang="en" dir="ltr" class="mw-content-ltr"><p>Things that we should remember for 2014 and the 1-day in 2013. Add your ideas in your own heading
</p>
<table id="toc" class="toc"><tr><td><div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#SamLR"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">SamLR</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Jasper"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Jasper</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3"><a href="#Steve"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Steve</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-4"><a href="#Will"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Will</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-5"><a href="#Nat"><span class="tocnumber">5</span> <span class="toctext">Nat</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-6"><a href="#AlexM"><span class="tocnumber">6</span> <span class="toctext">AlexM</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-7"><a href="#Oni"><span class="tocnumber">7</span> <span class="toctext">Oni</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-8"><a href="#Naxxfish"><span class="tocnumber">8</span> <span class="toctext">Naxxfish</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-9"><a href="#Russ"><span class="tocnumber">9</span> <span class="toctext">Russ</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-10"><a href="#Martind"><span class="tocnumber">10</span> <span class="toctext">Martind</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-11"><a href="#Staff"><span class="tocnumber">10.1</span> <span class="toctext">Staff</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-12"><a href="#Community"><span class="tocnumber">10.2</span> <span class="toctext">Community</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-13"><a href="#Org_Structure"><span class="tocnumber">10.3</span> <span class="toctext">Org Structure</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-14"><a href="#Amran.2Famx109"><span class="tocnumber">11</span> <span class="toctext">Amran/amx109</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-15"><a href="#Jim_MacArthur"><span class="tocnumber">12</span> <span class="toctext">Jim MacArthur</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-16"><a href="#Crypt"><span class="tocnumber">13</span> <span class="toctext">Crypt</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-17"><a href="#Mark"><span class="tocnumber">14</span> <span class="toctext">Mark</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-18"><a href="#Mat"><span class="tocnumber">15</span> <span class="toctext">Mat</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-19"><a href="#tef"><span class="tocnumber">16</span> <span class="toctext">tef</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-20"><a href="#Jake.2Fgmjhowe"><span class="tocnumber">17</span> <span class="toctext">Jake/gmjhowe</span></a></li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="SamLR"> SamLR </span></h2>
<ul><li> Wikis: one org and one community
<ul><li> Helps reduce miss-communication (i.e. old ideas 
</li></ul>
</li><li> Site manager (Someone to sit in HQ and man the radio scheduled)
</li><li> Plan where all deliveries will go (e.g. crap from LHS in this tent and/or first run is water proof)
</li><li> Laser printer
</li><li> Catering is damn hard (expect to sell fast)
</li><li> Merchandise goes quickly
</li><li> Volunteer t-shirts need to be protected
</li><li> Alcohol hand gel in toilets
</li><li> Essentials in ticket email
</li><li> Schedule people in HQ
</li><li> Replace toilet roll in  portaloos regularly
</li><li> MEGA white board marked with e.g. "TESCO, Deliveries (Fri, etc), TODO, Volunteers, FAQ"
</li><li> Whiteboard FAQ outside HQ
</li><li> Organise volunteer shift
</li><li> Schedule minibuses
</li><li> Start ticket sales earlier, with more discount for early sales
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Jasper"> Jasper </span></h2>
<ul><li> sysadmin stuff from the very beginning
</li><li> finer grained division of responsability - less perperson.
</li><li> 100m @ 1Gbit over crappy cat5 really needs to be 90m (or use fibre).
</li><li> one project per team member, and if your a core team members consider no projects.
</li><li> get a different hackspace to do the camp badge.
</li><li> crew catering ready at start.
</li><li> decent handwashing facilities.
</li><li> better planning of car parking.
</li><li> vehicles on site at night need better lighting
</li><li> site speed limit at night
</li><li> radio procedure training.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Steve">Steve</span></h2>
<ul><li> Organise van/minibus drivers in advance, it's too much hassle to add people to the hire company's driver list during the event.
</li><li> With enough D1 drivers we probably don't need a small minibus - I rarely saw both in use at once.
</li><li> Run the parkway shuttle to a schedule - that is easier on both the drivers and the passengers.
<ul><li> On the leaving day, this can be more fluid, as we can see the demand
</li></ul>
</li><li> Make the pickup point at the parkway more explicit on the travel section of the website - a site plan with a big 'X' would be great. People were missing the bus because they didn't know where to wait.
</li><li> Make big magnetic signs for the minibus using the vinyl cutter - the sign in the window is not visible enough.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Will">Will</span></h2>
<ul><li> Portakabin for production office, separate to infodesk
</li><li> Tents erected before power needs to be rigged
</li><li> Specific 'site' team required with responsibility for fencing, layout, and central services/plant
</li><li> Network needs somewhere better to go than a 60-year old tent we blagged from the scouts&#160;;)
</li><li> 32A vs 16A for power
</li><li> Ditchwitch required (spend less on cableways over grass)
</li><li> Think more about network uplink. Radio masts + microwave turned out expensive and crazy stressful.
</li><li> Construction health and safety needs more attention. E.g. the gate - not to acceptable standard of rigging, lifting while venue open etc, would not be permitted on a professional event site
</li><li> Need to order all plant with one supplier, save on delivery costs
<ul><li> Set up credit accounts with suppliers beforehand
</li><li> Telehandler was invaluable
</li></ul>
</li><li> Size a bigger fuel tank for generator to give more breathing room - ordered 1000l tank and got 1800l, good
</li><li> Site lighting isn't really optional. More required
</li><li> Vehicle hire a mess. Hire a 7.5t if lots of stuff required to transport. Stack on pallets so telehandlerable.
<ul><li> Capacity for when Things Go Wrong - need spare drivers with ID
</li><li> Site vehicle speed limit/safety/lighting
</li></ul>
</li><li> <s>Clinical waste bag(s)</s> 
<ul><li> Do you mean Biohazard / Human waste ones? We had clinical at the first aid point but I'm guessing you meant for the toilets? Oni 
<ul><li> Yeah, biohazard is what I meant when I asked Will to add this to the list. I couldn't find any on Monday. MatB
</li><li> Probably better covered by having some first aid cover after the event? <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Will-h (page does not exist)">Will-h</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Will-h (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 08:57, 5 September 2012 (UTC)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li><li> People who are taking the site down need to get up at 8am not 10am - work while it's light! TZ=Hacker doesnt work at festival sites. 
</li><li> Take down equipment, have it collected, then take down the venues. Not the other way round.
</li><li> Duty operations manager with direct responsibility at all times + handover
</li><li> Never have a venue with a 3m height restriction at the entrance.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Nat"> Nat </span></h2>
<ul><li> Meeting process needs greatly improving
<ul><li> Poor minutes, no need to include in-jokes etc, unprofessional
</li><li> Actions not chased up from the previous meeting
</li><li> No defined list of actions at the end of the meeting
<ul><li> (I think we got a lot better at these in the last month or two - do you agree? <a href="/2012/articles/r/u/s/User:Russ.html" title="User:Russ">Russ</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Russ&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Russ (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 12:29, 4 September 2012 (UTC))
</li></ul>
</li><li> Not at all inclusive for non-London based members (out of 7 of us in infra, 1 is London based)
<ul><li> Yeah i struggled a lot with this too. Need to split into smaller teams co-ordinating + conf calls <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Will-h (page does not exist)">Will-h</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Will-h (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 08:59, 5 September 2012 (UTC)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li><li> Ensure storage is available on site before arriving with deliveries
<ul><li> What would have happened had we not brought our infra tent?
</li></ul>
</li><li> Large villages need to be allocated spaces on the sites and informed of where they should go
<ul><li> We've had problems due to many users in A2 / B2
</li></ul>
</li><li> Wasted lots of time arranging things that were forgotten for shiny projects, needs to be managed better
</li><li> People too worried about planning shiny projects and not the site, our team shouldn't have had to pick up things that were forgotten by others.
<ul><li> Example?
<ul><li> Spending a week organising scaffolding for the gate
</li><li> Plumbing showers at dark o'clock <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Mat&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Mat (page does not exist)">Mat</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Mat&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Mat (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 20:28, 6 September 2012 (UTC)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li><li> Need 3 separate tents available for HQ, infra + volunteers available on the first day onsite and removed last thing.
</li><li> Befriending a local AV/power hire company proved useful, need to place a single order for everything next time to get a decent discount
</li><li> Get all plant delivered and collected in one go from a single supplier
</li><li> Have a festival operations manager role, responsible for any issues during their shift, co-ordinate anything serious occurring etc, split the role between 4 people 8hr shifts each.
</li><li> Too many people not involved in operations had a radio, chaotic.
</li><li> Tables were too small, only ordered 2 as we expected each would seat around 8 people.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="AlexM"> AlexM </span></h2>
<p>Didn't make it to camp due to other commitments, massively sad to miss it..  Take below as an external view.
</p>
<ul><li> BBC report made event look a bit blokey, plus lack of women on talk schedule was stark.  Also heard private reports of aggression at planning meetings (not targetted aggression, but in terms of atmosphere), and questions about lack of women in org team were dealt with dismissively.
</li><li> I found it difficult to get involved without attending meetings. (Not impossible though, and major efforts were made to include me, so I take most blame for that)
</li><li> Maybe different structure, with technical planning in London, and more distributed talk schedule etc planning?
</li><li> Instead of asking people to submit their presentations, could approach organisers around country to suggest presenters? This should get more diverse presenters
</li><li> That said, the subject matter of the talks looked super interesting and diverse..
</li></ul>
<p>Overall impression is very busy team without time to think about organising the talks, and that it's probably enough for next time to just have the gender issue highlighted as an issue
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Oni"> Oni </span></h2>
<ul><li> First Aid - a couple of more people needed if we expand OR first aid crew not moved to other tasks. Ideally, always two and in pairs. Possibility of St Johns Covering for free next time. Best pursue this.
</li><li> Second Jasper's point on clearly defined roles. Overstepping boundaries with suggestions meant extra stress and less efficiency.
</li><li> Shift leader, deputy shift leader and clear shifts. Jonty and Russ need to let go a little somewhat and delegate to their opposite number and teams below. I felt there was a certain amount of micromanaging on some tasks.
</li><li> Second Will's point. Network team picked up too much of the 'site planning' - need a site manager
</li><li> Proper briefings for volunteers.
</li><li> Another van and at least 2 more drivers - moving stuff needs a rota
</li><li> Minibus drivers - better rota and more drivers.
</li><li> Meeting in London is no bad thing; a physical meeting somewhere regular is fine but delegating down to local teams is definitely needed. The meetings in London had too much minutiae and were too often.
</li><li> Insist that people who talk should pay and register a week before and if they dont, they are pulled from the talk schedule. There seemed to be a lot of rescheduling.
</li><li> Taking stock meeting every 8 hours or so, at shift change.
</li><li> We had a lot of chancers try and sign up for first aid and we culled them down by asking them to provide certs before they were accepted. A similar method for commitment needs to be applied to speakers. See the tickets idea above. 
</li><li> T-Shirts and bags *should not be screen printed*  - we can get a better result for less time and effort and only a little more money. Screen printing is a fun workshop activity but compare the professional looking tilda to the t-shirts.
</li><li> DONT do massive shiny projects and attempt to finish them on site - I think hipster and I came close but it made me stressy and I spent less time on actual setup.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Naxxfish"> Naxxfish </span></h2>
<ul><li> +1 on physical meetings - those not at the meetings were sometimes left out from other work being done, tasks being delegated. Proper agenda and minutes would have certainly helped this - so that even if you're not there, you know what was asked to be done, and if any of the attendees have picked it up.  Also, circulate the agenda with plenty of time before the meeting to allow non-attending people to share comments via email before the meeting.  
</li><li> Strategic meetings can be less frequent (say once or twice a month) and individual teams can call meetings as their practical work progresses - rather than picking over the details weekly. 
</li></ul>
<ul><li> +1 on clearly defined roles.  Not just Infra team picking up the slack, I think everyone else did to some degree as well.  
</li><li> Having a list of core teams that are required at the start of planning is the way forward.  We were, I think, missing some - e.g. AV - which seemed to be mostly Charles and I in the end.  
</li></ul>
<ul><li> Find out realistically what roles are required for volunteers from *all* teams before setting the it into stone. For AV/Streaming we weren't included in the volunteer system, which ended up being crazy hard to manage! I ended up running most of the AV myself until we found ad-hoc volunteers - not good! Delayed a talk on Saturday morning because I was a single point of failure. 
<ul><li> <a href="/2012/articles/s/a/m/User:SamLR.html" title="User:SamLR">SamLR</a> there was an entire category "Stage" who were supposed to be helping. I didn't roll the streaming stuff in because it was constantly sold as something EMFM were going to handle. I think this collapses down to 'better volunteer management' and yes it will be better 
</li></ul>
</li><li> On the subject of volunteers, we should not schedule talks when we don't know if there are the staff to do it. At minimum, one person should be posted at each venue whenever talks are on. 
</li><li> A lot of volunteers made themselves known half way through, and we didn't know what to do with them.  We need some mechanism of dispatching extra help to people who need it when it becomes available, and making use of all the volunteer capacity we have. 
</li></ul>
<ul><li> If we're going to do something like streaming and recording talks - we need to do it properly or not at all.  We ended up with quite a bit of kit, but a lot of it didn't work, or didn't work well, and was inconsistent at the best of times.  As great as improvised solutions are, you can't rely on them to work consistently for long periods of time.  We need to be able to have a tested solution ready to roll out from the get go.  
</li><li> Again, if we're going to do streaming, we need to know that we have permission from the speakers.  This was only a problem twice, however it did trip me up the first time a little, and ended up taking EMFM off air temporarily after making a dodgey firewall rule.  
</li></ul>
<ul><li> Information!  People need it.  Here's a list of things that I would have liked to know:
</li></ul>
<ul><li><ul><li> How to get there
<ul><li> Public/private transport.
</li><li> Including reputable local taxi companies - we could even get a discount if we recommend them
</li><li> When do the shuttle busses run? Need a timetable - or at least a way of finding out when the next one will be
</li><li> What is the train timetable to/from popular destinations
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li><ul><li> Where
<ul><li> Where should I camp?
</li><li> Where are the venues?
</li><li> Where are the workshops?
</li><li> Where are the other villages, so I can look for interesting stuff
</li><li> Where are events going on in the evening?
</li><li> Surrounding area:
<ul><li> Supermarkets
</li><li> Hardware shops
</li><li> Resturants/bars/stuff in the local area if you want to explore a bit.
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li><ul><li> Who to contact
<ul><li> If something Bad(tm) Happened, who do you get hold of first.  
<ul><li> First aid is fairly obvious, but what if someone was a victim of crime, spotted something dangerous, lost their child, etc. etc. 
</li><li> Volunteer shirts are good, but did people know that they should ask us about it?
</li></ul>
</li><li> If I want to volunteer, who do I talk to?
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> Site planning is important.  Whilst the villages do grow organically, the larger and more demanding ones should be known about in advance (e.g. hackspace villages).  The later notice there is, the less we are likely to be able to provide them in terms of infrastructure, definitive locations and area, etc.  
</li><li> People like to be told roughly where to camp.  You can also use this to balance out the load on infra, and avoid the problems we had with capacity.  
</li><li> Whilst flexibility and organic growth is good - that growth needs to be inside a simple overall structure to make it work well.  A bit like a trellis with ivy growing up it.  Without it, the ivy grows in a mess on the floor, but with it it can climb up and get bigger and better. The trellis doesn't need the ivy to be P-clipped to it to force it to grow in the right direction, but it does need something to hang off without over crowding itself.&lt;/analogy&gt; So what I'm saying is - we should not try to over-plan and schedule the event - but we should provide a framework such that it doesn't become a confusing mess when we let people do their own thing.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Russ">Russ</span></h2>
<ul><li> Planning:
<ul><li> Meetings were too frequent, too full of irrelevant details. We got better at them, but I still think they weren't great.
</li><li> A lot of this was chasing people up. Some people were not proactive at organising things, and chasing that up was frustrating.
</li><li> We should make it clear that members of the core organising team have to pull their weight, because next time we'll have far less margin for that.
</li><li> We have much better knowledge of what needs organising when for next time.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Details of suppliers need to be recorded somewhere accessible to everyone. There were way too many SPOFs in peoples' heads.
</li><li> Ticket sales:
<ul><li> If we're supplying chairs/tables/hay/tents we should have a way of charging for these through the standard ticket sales system. Individually collecting everything is a massive pain.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Gate:
<ul><li> We were right at the limit of our ability to deal with tickets based on lists of names on paper - next time we need an electronic system. Needs to be able to answer the question of how many people are on site at any given time.
</li><li> There was talk of people in reflective jackets walking in without wristbands being checked. Gate staff need more training + a short manual.
</li><li> Separate pedestrian and vehicle gates might be a good idea.
</li><li> Crowd barriers at the gate to funnel people through. Separate staff for re-entry and wristband pickup at peak times.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Site Transport
<ul><li> Golf cart and telehandler were both invaluable
</li><li> Instead of the golf cart, next time we should get something slightly quieter (you can hear the golf cart in lots of the talk videos!) and with a more robust trailer - John Deere Gator or similar.
</li><li> Site speed limit should apply to all vehicles.
</li><li> All vehicles moving at night should have lights on!
</li><li> Someone got injured on the golf cart. No pissing about on vehicles.
</li></ul>
</li><li> First aid: we *definitely* need cover on the closing night - that was a big omission. We should also have cover for teardown.
</li><li> Transport:
<ul><li> Get as much stuff delivered as possible. I would definitely aim to try and get beer/bar stuff delivered on pallets. The best way of reducing the amount of annoyance caused by the van is to reduce the number of runs it needs to do.
</li><li> Next time, find somewhere which doesn't need us to run a park and ride!
</li></ul>
</li><li> Bar:
<ul><li> Next time we need to sell spirits and cider.
</li><li> Budgeted for an ale:lager ratio of 3:1, then only bought half the amount of lager and didn't sell all of that. Geeks like ale. But likely more people would have bought lager if it was draught, so next time we should probably sell keg beer.
</li><li> Ice and water.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Infrastructure:
<ul><li> We lost a cable, but what really sucked is that we didn't notice it. We need to improve process to make sure we spot these things earlier.
</li><li> Need to lock down the power plan (and other things) at least a month in advance so we can get as much as possible from the same supplier.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Teardown:
<ul><li> It *was* long enough. The reason we overran on Tuesday was because there weren't enough vans (or alternatively there was too much crap).
</li><li> Needs planning before the event.
</li><li> Would be nice to have a time for when infrastructure was switched off. I needed a shower and didn't get one.
</li><li> Potentially consider deferring taking down all the core infrastructure (including showers) until the last day.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Money:
<ul><li> Arrange the cash float way in advance.
</li><li> Get change bags.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Things to make sure we have loads of:
<ul><li> Cable ties.
<ul><li> Use <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.rapstrap.com">http://www.rapstrap.com</a> there reusable and removes need for cutters. NottingHack might be able to get them sponsored --<a href="/2012/articles/d/p/s/User:Dpslwk.html" title="User:Dpslwk">&#39;RepRap&#39; Matt</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Dpslwk&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Dpslwk (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 20:59, 4 September 2012 (UTC)
</li></ul>
</li><li> Side cutters for cutting cable ties.
</li><li> Scaff spanners.
</li></ul>
</li><li> UAV safety:
<ul><li> Separate area for flying vehicles (with possibility to fly outside that area with permission?)
</li><li> These should probably have lights on at night too.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Ticket refunds:
<ul><li> After a couple of people moaning I decided to promise to refund tickets after the event if we made a surplus.
</li><li> This kind of sucks, though, especially if people hear about it. What's the best refund policy? Perhaps only refund up until n months before the event?
</li></ul>
</li><li> More stuff to come...
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Martind"> Martind </span></h2>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Staff"> Staff </span></h3>
<p>We need someone to do <b>logistics</b> full-time. Too many people frantically running around trying to establish what's going on, and who knows more.
</p>
<ul><li> are shuttle buses going? who is allowed to drive? 
</li><li> similar questions about shop runs.
</li><li> etc.
</li></ul>
<p>And: a team for site management. Signage, tents, etc.
</p><p>Some <b>staff messaging system or daybook</b> that actually captures people's needs and announcements ("making a trip to London tonight") so we don't have to rely on natural chatter for things to bubble through. A short-term backlog (capturing the next few hours.) This is why: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://twitter.com/tef/status/242364342052474881">https://twitter.com/tef/status/242364342052474881</a> (why's this a tweet and not a note in a daybook?) Or alternatively a clearly defined shift leader that the team reports to.
</p><p>Need to thoroughly <b>brief staff on how to manage their own energy</b>. Focus, attention span, distractions, making time for rest, getting sleep, getting food. Spending much time training others to spread the load. Not spending time interrupting others unless absolutely needed.
</p><p>Can't keep sticking stuff on tent walls. We need *many* *big* *proper* <b>whiteboards and panels</b>. And pens. And Gaffa tape. Stuff like that cannot ever be the bottleneck.
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Community"> Community </span></h3>
<p>We need <b>volunteers on stand-by</b>, e.g. stationed near the HQ tent. Or at the gate. Lots of random tasks coming up.
(This could be a strong driver for collaborative projects: work together with great people to set up amazing things. E.g. the family &amp; kids area. Stuff like this could be announced at the opening ceremony so we get lots of help, and good implementation ideas.)
</p><p>We need <b>camp whiteboards</b> so people can leave messages, make announcements etc. E.g. for shop runs, workshops, ...
</p><p>Generally should make use of the camp setting for <b>more communal projects</b>. Atm we're very focused on keeping everything running in the first place; would love to now go beyond that and start some larger collaboration experiments. (Much of that is happening in particular niches, for example the badge team received incredible community support this weekend in addressing some last-minute issues.)
</p><p>BBC video from day 1 is very nice -- but: no women! It's an all-men video! Need to change that.
Next time: speak to Sue Black etc early to <b>get many many women groups</b> to participate.
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Org_Structure"> Org Structure </span></h3>
<p>It appears <a href="/2012/articles/f/e/e/Feedback.html#Suggestions" title="Feedback"> NottingHack is offering to run all the workshop/hacking areas</a> for next time. This is an excellent idea. Can we identify more similarly self-contained camp areas and outsource them as a whole to existing (well-trusted) communities? With some well-defined boundaries and well-expressed expectations this could radically simplify our planning process, and spread the load quite a lot.
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Amran.2Famx109"> Amran/amx109 </span></h2>
<ul><li> Desperate need for site-cordinator/site-manager. (i was doing as much of this as i could when necessary, as was jonty)
<ul><li> needs delegated powers and small budget
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> clearly defined HQ roles
<ul><li> poss 2 or more people in that role, on rotation
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> whiteboard alternative
<ul><li> 1.5m tall rolls of paper (10m for 12 GBP from <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.atlantisart.co.uk">http://www.atlantisart.co.uk</a>)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> each team needs a head which can report to volunteer team lead with requests for help.
<ul><li> require atleast 2 'free agent' volunteers on duty during the day
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> security and info-desk should be merged into one
<ul><li> HQ was not a place for cust-service type interactions
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> better preperation will solve many of our problems
<ul><li> site map (villages labelled etc)
</li><li> prepared+structured communal area
</li><li> many others
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> have a tent away from camp area for 'into the night' gathering+drinking
<ul><li> i think this was initially the idea with the security tent parties, but the flaw there was that it took place in the security tent
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> staffers+volunteers need better looking after
<ul><li> ALWAYS have food+water on hand at security+HQ.
</li><li> catered bbq stuff for staff+volunteers at lunch+dinner
<ul><li> with a menu thats a little fresher/healthier?
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> site wide announce system
<ul><li> non audio - simple text screens?
</li><li> sms system - see sam gausie's efforts
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> we should really think about the 'what if it rains for 3 days'..
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Jim_MacArthur"> Jim MacArthur </span></h2>
<ul><li> As martind said, having a full-time logistics person would be massively useful. We need someone near a phone and Internet at all times to run the van. (I'll volunteer)
</li><li> There should be two people in the van for each trip, one to drive and one to navigate. Google Navigation proved unreliable during EMF. Also, loading and unloading often takes longer than driving.
</li><li> A proper schedule for get-out. We had none, despite the fact that we had less time to get out than get in. Don't transport anything to the site until we have a plan for removing it.
</li><li> I'd suggest reducing the offers to bring other people's projects to site (e.g. Hexayurt, blacksmithing equipment) - now we're established people should be more willing to bring their own stuff, and we can concentrate on infrastructure (BBQs and beer).
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Crypt"> Crypt </span></h2>
<ul><li> Signoff sheet for tasks that need regular attention (replacing toilet rolls, and other things that need regular maintanace)
</li><li> Set up was planned well, but we almost didn't think about teardown, this needs to be planned better
</li><li> 3 days for teardown, 2 is just too short.
<ul><li> I wouldn't want to drag things out too much, with punters going offsite at 1200 Monday we actually had more like 1.5 days. It was doable. Doing more tasks in daylight, planning better, would help more imho. <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Will-h (page does not exist)">Will-h</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Will-h (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 07:31, 6 September 2012 (UTC)
</li><li> Yes, I agree. Teardown should be as short as possible or you run a very real risk of burning people out. 3 days would have been utter hell. The only reason we overran was due to van issues (which was mostly due to us bringing too much crap). The real limits on teardown are the number of volunteers (we could have done with a few more) and vehicle contention around site (not a problem).  <a href="/2012/articles/r/u/s/User:Russ.html" title="User:Russ">Russ</a> (<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Russ&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User talk:Russ (page does not exist)">talk</a>) 07:51, 6 September 2012 (UTC)
</li></ul>
</li><li> badges should be recieved at least a month before the event and badge team should not be given other responsibilites, Charles and Claire had way too much to do on site
</li><li> better organisation of where to put things after.  Storage is expensive, but costs can be reduced if we plan it right
</li><li> +1 to having one of the core org team scheduled to be in the info tent at all times
</li><li> volenteer shift rotar could be printed out on the wall in the info tent so people know where they're due to go
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Mark"> Mark </span></h2>
<p>To come
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Mat"> Mat </span></h2>
<ul><li> Self: Get involved properly at an earlier stage rather than just turning up for fit up and doing 'something'.
</li><li> First aider cover to include fit-up and tear down especially if using additional volunteers. We had more accidents after 7pm on the Sunday than before.
</li><li> Empowerment of volunteers to make executive decisions. e.g. on Monday morning Security were unsure whether to allow cars on site to pack up and few orgnisers were awake). Volunteers can make good decisions, but they need to be told to make them.
</li><li> Empowerment of attendees. Feedback suggestion had lots of good ideas (e.g. signs on showers to indicate they're showers not toilets, signage to camp areas). I got the impression they just needed the nod to say 'get on with it'.
</li><li> Really need a site manager/control team to coordinate the whole event. Deconflict different teams demands on vehicles, volunteers, etc. Prioritise tasks e.g. tents in first out last; lighting early on allows work in the dark.
<ul><li> Radio would be assisted by having a central controller within this team.
</li></ul>
</li><li> More buggies, if a similar site to move infrastructure and luggage around.
</li><li> Stronger, more stable buggy trailer.
</li><li> Outsource what we can (water, marquees) and concentrate on the specifics that we can do best.
</li><li> Badge needs an off switch (firmware or hardware). I ripped the wires out trying to remove the battery connector (is it a removable connector?) to turn the lights off to allow sleep.
</li><li> Hide less/pose for more photos/become more photogenic&#160;:)
</li><li> Need (some form of) site-wide PA system - 'broadcast' text might work well
</li><li> Need more/bigger tables - make it clear how big they are at point of ordering.
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="tef"> tef </span></h2>
<p>I appeared from thursday eve to monday morning. I don't know much about the planning before hand, and much of
this should be taken from the perspective of an outsider who spent too much time in the info tent.
</p><p><br />
scheduling/info
</p>
<ul><li> complaints about lack of information about what is happening in the camp, many possible solutions
</li><li> possibly volunteer shifts for tour guides, to take people around the camp, pointing out the villages and workshops
</li><li> we need to explain 'this can be hacked' 'this should not be hacked', give people encouragement to fix things
</li><li> big screens would be nice, but I think encouraging people to check their phones would work better.
</li><li> what we use for tracking volunteers can be used by attendees to add talks (as well as shifts) for their own use. 
</li><li> allow attendees to add their own things to the schedule for others to see
</li></ul>
<p>more information in advance:
</p>
<ul><li> Need to find out if attendees have specific certs or skills in advance, as well as clearer expectations
</li><li> packing list and must-know information should be in ticket confirmation
</li><li> good to check requirements from campers - i.e accessibility, power, network
</li><li> as well as check for drivers, first aiders and other legal requirements (who can drive the minibus etc)
</li><li> and skills like soldering, electronics, etc and other skills (who can cover X workshop?)
</li><li> Gather presentation materials in advance where possible.
</li></ul>
<p>volunteering/rota:
</p>
<ul><li> Need to block out time for sleep and non-availability for core volunteers. 
</li><li> on-call list should be defined in advance - where the infodesk phone goes
</li><li> delegation should be clearer and tracked - hard to know who was being responsible for what. hard to tell people who to call if things went wrong.
</li><li> Hard to find emergency cover for shifts, many lovely people worked double shifts.
</li><li> Volunteer shifts too long for some.  Need to have smaller hour ish volunteer shifts like 'litter picking' and 'toilet bog roll check' and 'tour guide'
</li></ul>
<p>leftovers:
</p>
<ul><li> Quiet area shouldn't have villages in it. Paths should be taped off earlier.
</li><li> Org and Info shouldn't be in the same tent. Consider fenced off area for org, possibly with room for staff tents.
</li><li> Radios were useful, but limited. DECT or GSM would be amazing if possible.
</li><li> May be able to sell t-shirts to existing ticket holders to raise money for emf 2014
</li></ul>
<p>Lots of self-organization and volunteering happened without the org team needing to be involved. Unfortunately, self-organization isn't always so clear about who is doing what or what is happening when. Even so, I think we can make things clearer, without dictating everything in advance.
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Jake.2Fgmjhowe"> Jake/gmjhowe </span></h2>
<p>I was essentially involved with some of the marketing leading up to the event, specifically from a design/print management point of view. I attended the event, but aside from delivering the booklets, I had no involvement with running the event, so items relating to the camp in general are those of an attendee only.
</p><p>Marketing, Design and Print management
</p>
<ul><li> Timescales for getting an initial advertising leaflet printed were too small, resulting in leaflets not getting printed and posted out
<ul><li> Leaflet was sent out in PDF via email to all relevant organisations
</li><li> The actual need for a leaflet needs discussing, event sold out regardless of leaflet not being completed. However, getting a leaflet out at the right time might result in earlier ticket purchases, instead of later/last minute purchases.
</li></ul>
</li><li> There was a distinct lack of people to take on doing actual design work, finding out about this issue late in the game, I then spent several evenings rushing to get both leaflet and booklet complete. If I had realised earlier on, I would have put time into managing that better. I plan to take on more of that role for 2014.
</li><li> Booklet production was tight, I had to call in a favour with my local printers in order to get a turn around quick enough to get the booklets printed to bring with me to EMF
<ul><li> This seemed to extend from delays in getting the content correct, but also tied in with turn around times for getting booklets printed in time.
</li></ul>
</li><li> The website was fully functional, and worked a treat, I was asked to improve the site visually, but ran out of time.
</li></ul>
<p>General Notes
</p>
<ul><li> Due to issues with the badges, some of the workshops were cancelled and moved around. However over at the Nottinghack tent we were getting sent lots of people, who thought they had been sent over for the soldering workshop, I believe they were told that the workshop was cancelled, but there was soldering going on in the Nottinghack tent. This caused an issue for us as we did not have the scope, space or people on hand to be able to cope with that amount of people
<ul><li> Most people were more than pleasant with a lot of people coming back to do kits when we were less busy.
</li><li> Ideally, the workshops should have been cancelled on the time tables posted online.
</li></ul>
</li></ul>

<!-- 
NewPP limit report
Preprocessor visited node count: 79/1000000
Preprocessor generated node count: 84/1000000
Post-expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/40
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
-->
</div><div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;oldid=3118">http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;oldid=3118</a>"</div>
		<div id='catlinks' class='catlinks catlinks-allhidden'></div>		<!-- end content -->
				<div class="visualClear"></div>
	</div>
</div></div>
<div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
		<h5>Views</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="ca-nstab-main" class="selected"><a href="/2012/articles/l/e/s/Lessons_learnt.html" primary="1" context="subject" title="View the content page [c]" accesskey="c">Page</a></li>
				<li id="ca-talk" class="new"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Talk:Lessons_learnt&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" primary="1" context="talk" title="Discussion about the content page [t]" accesskey="t">Discussion</a></li>
				<li id="ca-viewsource"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;action=edit" primary="1" title="This page is protected.&#10;You can view its source [e]" accesskey="e">View source</a></li>
				<li id="ca-history"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;action=history" rel="archives" title="Past revisions of this page [h]" accesskey="h">History</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-personal">
		<h5>Personal tools</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="pt-createaccount"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Lessons+learnt&amp;type=signup">Create account</a></li>
				<li id="pt-login"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Lessons+learnt" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]" accesskey="o">Log in</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
<a href="/2012/index.html" style="background-image: url(/2012/misc/emf_logo_small.png);" title="Visit the main page"></a>
	</div>
	<div class="generated-sidebar portlet" id="p-navigation">
		<h5>Navigation</h5>
		<div class='pBody'>
			<ul>
				<li id="n-mainpage-description"><a href="/2012/index.html" title="Visit the main page [z]" accesskey="z">Main page</a></li>
				<li id="n-portal"><a href="/2012/articles/c/o/m/Project:Community_portal.html" title="About the project, what you can do, where to find things">Community portal</a></li>
				<li id="n-currentevents"><a href="/2012/articles/c/u/r/Project:Current_events.html" title="Find background information on current events">Current events</a></li>
				<li id="n-recentchanges"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges" title="A list of recent changes in the wiki [r]" accesskey="r">Recent changes</a></li>
				<li id="n-randompage"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Random" title="Load a random page [x]" accesskey="x">Random page</a></li>
				<li id="n-help"><a href="/2012/articles/c/o/n/Help:Contents.html" title="The place to find out">Help</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
		<h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
		<div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
			<form action="/w/index.php" id="searchform">
				<input type='hidden' name="title" value="Special:Search"/>
				<input type="search" name="search" title="Search Electromagnetic Field [f]" accesskey="f" id="searchInput" />
				<input type="submit" name="go" value="Go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if exists" id="searchGoButton" class="searchButton" />&#160;
				<input type="submit" name="fulltext" value="Search" title="Search the pages for this text" id="mw-searchButton" class="searchButton" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-tb">
		<h5>Toolbox</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="t-whatlinkshere"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Lessons_learnt" title="A list of all wiki pages that link here [j]" accesskey="j">What links here</a></li>
				<li id="t-recentchangeslinked"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Lessons_learnt" title="Recent changes in pages linked from this page [k]" accesskey="k">Related changes</a></li>
				<li id="t-specialpages"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages" title="A list of all special pages [q]" accesskey="q">Special pages</a></li>
				<li id="t-print"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;printable=yes" rel="alternate" title="Printable version of this page [p]" accesskey="p">Printable version</a></li>
				<li id="t-permalink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Lessons_learnt&amp;oldid=3118" title="Permanent link to this revision of the page">Permanent link</a></li>
<li id="t-smwbrowselink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Browse/Lessons_learnt" title="Special:Browse/Lessons learnt">Browse properties</a></li>			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
</div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
<div class="visualClear"></div>
<div id="footer">
	<div id="f-copyrightico">
		<a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/"><img src="/2012/w/skins/common/images/cc-by-nc-sa.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<div id="f-poweredbyico">
		<a href="//www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="/2012/w/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
		<a href="http://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki"><img src="/2012/w/extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/skins/images/smw_button.png" alt="Powered by Semantic MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<ul id="f-list">
		<li id="credits">This page was last modified 14:46, 8 January 2013 by <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Gmjhowe&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Gmjhowe (page does not exist)">Jake Howe</a>. Based on work by <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Tef&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Tef (page does not exist)">tef</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Mat&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Mat (page does not exist)">Mat</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/m/s/7/User:Ms7821.html" title="User:Ms7821">Mark</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Will-h&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Will-h (page does not exist)">Will Hargrave</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/n/a/t/User:Natm.html" title="User:Natm">Nat Morris</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Crypt&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Crypt (page does not exist)">Martin</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Srimech&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Srimech (page does not exist)">Jim MacArthur</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/s/a/m/User:SamLR.html" title="User:SamLR">Sam Cook</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/d/p/s/User:Dpslwk.html" title="User:Dpslwk">Matt</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/o/n/i/User:Oni.html" title="User:Oni">Benjamin</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/n/a/x/User:Naxxfish.html" title="User:Naxxfish">Chris Roberts</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/y/a/x/User:Yaxu.html" title="User:Yaxu">alex</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Solexious&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Solexious (page does not exist)">Charles Yarnold</a> and <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Sde&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Sde (page does not exist)">Stephen Early</a> and Electromagnetic Field users <a href="/2012/articles/r/u/s/User:Russ.html" title="User:Russ">Russ</a>, <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Amx109&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Amx109 (page does not exist)">Amx109</a>, <a href="/2012/articles/m/a/r/User:Martind.html" title="User:Martind">Martind</a> and <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:JasperWallace&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:JasperWallace (page does not exist)">JasperWallace</a>.</li>
		<li id="copyright">Content is available under <a class="external" href="/2012/COPYING.html">Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike</a>.</li>
		<li id="privacy"><a href="/2012/articles/p/r/i/Project:Privacy_policy.html" title="Project:Privacy policy">Privacy policy</a></li>
		<li id="about"><a href="/2012/articles/a/b/o/Project:About.html" title="Project:About">About Electromagnetic Field</a></li>
		<li id="disclaimer"><a href="/2012/articles/g/e/n/Project:General_disclaimer.html" title="Project:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>
</div>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"loading","user":"missing","user.groups":"ready"});
}</script>

<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"ready"});
}</script>
<!-- Served in 38.850 secs. --></body></html>