<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs">
<head>
<title>Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18 - Electromagnetic Field</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.20.1" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../../../misc/favicon.ico" />
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="../../../../../opensearch_desc.php" title="Electromagnetic Field (en)" />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" href="api.php?action=rsd" />
<link rel="copyright" href="../../../../../COPYING.html" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Electromagnetic Field Atom feed" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;feed=atom" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint%2Cshared%7Cskins.monobook&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*" />
<!--[if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE70Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]--><meta name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles" content="" />
<style>a{text-decoration:none}#toc{display:none}.editsection{display:none}
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-css:7:976783b4e38d41c66f69f0c83dc46169 */</style>

<script src="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=startup&amp;only=scripts&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*"></script>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.config.set({"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":false,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18","wgTitle":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18","wgCurRevisionId":1592,"wgArticleId":246,"wgIsArticle":true,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":[],"wgBreakFrames":false,"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRelevantPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18","wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"sfgAutocompleteValues":[],"sfgAutocompleteOnAllChars":false,"sfgFieldProperties":[],"sfgDependentFields":[],"sfgShowOnSelect":[],"sfgScriptPath":"/w/extensions/SemanticForms"});
}</script><script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.implement("user.options",function(){mw.user.options.set({"skin":"monobook","editsection":0});;},{},{});mw.loader.implement("user.tokens",function(){mw.user.tokens.set({"editToken":"+\\","watchToken":false});;},{},{});
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-js:7:d50ed6faa6d35e0fe3e6a43155d953fd */
}</script>

		<link rel="alternate" type="application/rdf+xml" title="Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;xmlmime=rdf" />
</head>
<body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr ns-0 ns-subject page-Planning_Minutes_2012-06-18 skin-monobook action-view">
<div id="globalWrapper">
<div id="column-content"><div id="content" class="mw-body-primary">
	<a id="top"></a>
	
	<h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading"><span dir="auto">Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18</span></h1>
	<div id="bodyContent" class="mw-body">
		<div id="siteSub">From Electromagnetic Field</div>
		<div id="contentSub"><span class="subpages">&lt; <a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning.html" title="Planning">Planning</a></span></div>
		<!-- start content -->
<div id="mw-content-text" lang="en" dir="ltr" class="mw-content-ltr"><table id="toc" class="toc"><tr><td><div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Minutes"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Minutes</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Team_Updates"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Team Updates</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-4"><a href="#Administration_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Administration (Russ / Nick)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-5"><a href="#Treasury_.2F_Budget_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Treasury / Budget (Russ / Nick)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-6"><a href="#Power_.28Russ.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Power (Russ)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-7"><a href="#Sanitation_.28Crypt.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Sanitation (Crypt)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-8"><a href="#Internet_.28Jasper.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.5</span> <span class="toctext">Internet (Jasper)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-9"><a href="#Web_Infra_.28Mark_.2F_Jasper.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.6</span> <span class="toctext">Web Infra (Mark / Jasper)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-10"><a href="#Venues_.28Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.7</span> <span class="toctext">Venues (Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-11"><a href="#Vendors_.28Clare.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.8</span> <span class="toctext">Vendors (Clare)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-12"><a href="#Transport_.28Alison.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.9</span> <span class="toctext">Transport (Alison)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-13"><a href="#Volunteers_.28Oni.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.10</span> <span class="toctext">Volunteers (Oni)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-14"><a href="#Security_.28Oni.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.11</span> <span class="toctext">Security (Oni)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-15"><a href="#Badge_.28Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.12</span> <span class="toctext">Badge (Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-16"><a href="#Sponsorship_.28Alex.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.13</span> <span class="toctext">Sponsorship (Alex)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-17"><a href="#Communication_.2F_Events_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.14</span> <span class="toctext">Communication / Events (Martin, Jonty)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-18"><a href="#Events.2FBar_.28Russ_.2F_Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.15</span> <span class="toctext">Events/Bar (Russ / Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-19"><a href="#Merchandise_.28Stavros.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.16</span> <span class="toctext">Merchandise (Stavros)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-20"><a href="#Under_18s"><span class="tocnumber">2.1.17</span> <span class="toctext">Under 18s</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-21"><a href="#Other_Issues_Arising"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Other Issues Arising</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-22"><a href="#Team_Modifications"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Team Modifications</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-23"><a href="#Actions_for_next_week"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Actions for next week</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-24"><a href="#Treasury"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.1</span> <span class="toctext">Treasury</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-25"><a href="#Sanitation"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.2</span> <span class="toctext">Sanitation</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-26"><a href="#Internet"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.3</span> <span class="toctext">Internet</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-27"><a href="#Web"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.4</span> <span class="toctext">Web</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-28"><a href="#Vendors"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.5</span> <span class="toctext">Vendors</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-29"><a href="#Volunteers"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.6</span> <span class="toctext">Volunteers</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-30"><a href="#Sponsorship"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.7</span> <span class="toctext">Sponsorship</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-31"><a href="#Communication"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.8</span> <span class="toctext">Communication</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-32"><a href="#Events.2FBar"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.9</span> <span class="toctext">Events/Bar</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-33"><a href="#U18"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.10</span> <span class="toctext">U18</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-34"><a href="#Teams"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.11</span> <span class="toctext">Teams</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda"> Agenda </span></h2>
<p>Team updates:
</p>
<ul><li> Administration
</li><li> Treasury
</li><li> Power
</li><li> Sanitation
</li><li> Internet
</li><li> Web
</li><li> Venues
</li><li> Vendors
</li><li> Transport
</li><li> Volunteers
</li><li> First Aid
</li><li> Security
</li><li> Badges
</li><li> Sponsorship
</li><li> Communication
</li><li> Bar/Events
</li><li> Merchandise
</li><li> Under 18s
</li><li> Other
</li><li> Team modifications
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Minutes"> Minutes </span></h2>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Team_Updates"> Team Updates </span></h3>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Administration_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29">Administration (Russ / Nick)</span></h4>
<ul><li> We're talking to people at MK, and will provide updates from the SAG. No updates at the moment.
</li><li> Russ has bought a geo-referenced map to plan off, and we're almost at the level of plotting trees.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Treasury_.2F_Budget_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29">Treasury / Budget (Russ / Nick)</span></h4>
<ul><li> Bank Balance: £2,628
</li><li> Payments coming due:
<ul><li> £1900 to the Parks Trust on June 28th.
</li><li> ~£500 for insurance
</li><li> £720 for towers? (see below)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> We're getting to the stage where we need to put down deposits. The first that's largely non-refundable is the for the site, but there are others.
</li><li> We need most money up front (we can't take credit cards because they generally only pay after the event). However, we're still considering selling tickets on the day, and have £3500 loans if needed for paying bills.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Power_.28Russ.29">Power (Russ)</span></h4>
<p><b>Issues from previous meeting</b>
</p>
<ul><li> 13A/16A plug will fit into portaloo under the door, should not be an issue.. Anything &gt; 32A will live outside but that is all IP44 or IP67 anyway.
</li><li> Cables as supplied from hire companies are usually H07RN. Items of kit like lights are sometimes supplied with blue arctic. I don't consider this an issue.
</li><li> Re breaker size v- 6A/16A - Will and Beeny are still looking into this. Issues with breaker discrimination in the distribution design. Don't see occasional high current devices like kettles as an problem. We should provide a mechanism for users to request higher power if they need it.
</li><li> Gauging station - decision made to not pursue at this stage, power not really in a useful location. We would like to use the standalone 20KVA singlephase though. 
</li></ul>
<p><b>New progress/issues:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Benny now being assisted by Will-h and Natm. There seems to be lots of crossover.
</li><li> At the stage of needing an accurate site plan to scale distances and plan.
</li><li> Benny has secured some GRP portable building units. Flatpack. Ideal for power/network storage.
</li><li> Not yet at budget stage, but this is progressing well. talked to 3+ suppliers.
</li><li> Have planned for a central 'services' area to the north of the helipad adjacent to the track comprising generators, distribution, mast. Will need to be fenced. Views welcome.
</li><li> Campervan field - if this is the other side of the bridge to the west of the site, the power run is 300M. This is likely unworkeable from a power POV. If it ends up here will probably have to hire additional generator.
</li><li> Logistics/Telehandler/Bridge: Low bridge is getting to be a major issue. Usual on a festival site for things to be delivered in bins/on skids, all the power stuff would normally be delivered on 19ton flatbed with hiab, which will not fit under the bridge. This is likely to be true for toilets and many other items too. We may need a telehandler/skidsteer to move things around onsite. Will is looking into it.
</li><li> Bridge - Beeny and Will are considering pumping out under the bridge so we can see whats there + assess likely passability for vehicles.
</li><li> Generators - 135kva &gt; units are supplied by lorry and offloaded using a crane, made enquiries into using a telehandler to move under the bridge, but units will weigh too much. Current avenue is 2 x 100kva towable sync'd units, Nat is getting prices.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sanitation_.28Crypt.29">Sanitation (Crypt)</span></h4>
<ul><li> We need a confirmed final Datenklo count (currently 18)
</li><li> 20% deposit for toilets is needed at the beginning of August
</li><li> Fencing is still not tied down: may be reduced in cost
</li><li> Waiting for a response from Anglian Water on supply. The Barrel Bikers said there's a stand-pipe on site, but that's unknown to MKPT.
</li><li> Rubbish will need access for a large vehicle. The Barrel Bikers say it's fine for large vehicles to use the water dip under the bridge, as it has a hard-standing base and they've got skip vehicles through before.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Internet_.28Jasper.29">Internet (Jasper)</span></h4>
<p><b>Issues from previous meeting</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Confident with regards to placing the tower at the main site and the height it can achieve, Pulsant are ok with a temporary mast in their car park too.
</li><li> Backup: FTTP - logistics regarding fibre runs and temporary power + housing for CPE are not practical. Would prove problematic with regards to failover and routing of the CCC address space, plus having to deal with neighbours.
</li><li> Backup: PtP - investigating a 2nd wireless PtP link using Ubiquiti Rockets or loan kit from Cisco.
</li></ul>
<p><b>New progress/issues:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Router installed at Pulsant MK, OOB and L2 to be connected this week.
</li><li> Optics loan progressing with FlexiOptix, awaiting approval from their HQ. (10x1000T + 10x1000SX in June, 30x1000T in August).
</li><li> Towers are being booked up for summer events, need to pay 50% (720 inc VAT) ASAP to secure 2 of them.
</li><li> Require accurate site plan to allow us to progress with design and planning, before final kit collection from Cisco.
</li><li> Jasper's off from this week, so someone else will need to provide updates
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Web_Infra_.28Mark_.2F_Jasper.29">Web Infra (Mark / Jasper)</span></h4>
<ul><li> Lighthouse migration - didn't happen due to BigV issues, which are now 
</li><li> Ticket sales: there are a few reserved tickets that haven't been paid and twice as many sign-ups as tickets reserved. We're assuming this is people signing up to view the pricing.
</li><li> We're going to replace Pentabarf with something much simpler (probably just a form)
</li><li> Volunteers just need to email Oni if they're interested
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Venues_.28Charles.29">Venues (Charles)</span></h4>
<p><i>Charles didn't attend or send an update for the meeting</i>
</p>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Vendors_.28Clare.29">Vendors (Clare)</span></h4>
<p><i>Clare didn't attend or send an update for the meeting</i>
</p>
<ul><li> We need to set a deadline for sorting these out so we can decide when additional action is needed.
</li><li> The secondary is currently Charles: do we need a new secondary?
</li><li> Look at larger vendors &amp; stall around Londons.
</li><li> We may need to get creative. Is it worth us getting a food hygiene certificate?
</li><li> Tangentially related, we also want oil drums so people can have their own barbecues
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Transport_.28Alison.29">Transport (Alison)</span></h4>
<p><i>Alison didn't attend or send an update for the meeting</i>
</p>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Volunteers_.28Oni.29">Volunteers (Oni)</span></h4>
<ul><li> We've got a first aid quote: this isn't for a first responder, but apparently that's OK for an event of under 1000 people.
</li><li> We need 4 first-aid trained people for full 2-person coverage.
</li><li> The lead first aider won't need to be at their post all the time time, only on-call.
</li><li> The first aiders are covered by our own PLI, so the only unknown is where the kit will come from.
</li><li> Oni will be providing briefing packs for volunteers soon.
</li><li> The fit-up crew for the week before the event will be sorted separately.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Security_.28Oni.29">Security (Oni)</span></h4>
<ul><li> After the Barrel Bikers email, we're fairly sure there's no need for professional security.  We're still waiting to be sure there isn't a comment from the SAG.
</li><li> We'll want to 2-4 "security" people, plus people to man the gates.
</li><li> Russ will see if gate can be "shut" overnight to make it easier to monitor.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Badge_.28Charles.29">Badge (Charles)</span></h4>
<p><i>Charles didn't attend or send an update for the meeting</i>
</p>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sponsorship_.28Alex.29">Sponsorship (Alex)</span></h4>
<p><i>Alex didn't attend</i>
</p>
<ul><li> Alex wants contacts at RS, Farnell, Mouser, Atmel, Seeed.
</li><li> She's moving sponsors to a spreadsheet, which will be shared
</li><li> BBC R&amp;D haven't replied yet.
</li><li> Jonty got new contacts at Mozilla yesterday after no success so far.
</li><li> We need to contact people about badges separately, as they're entirely funded through sponsorship
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Communication_.2F_Events_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29">Communication / Events (Martin, Jonty)</span></h4>
<ul><li> Met last Tuesday for the blurb, but it's not finished yet.
</li><li> There will hopefully be a 5 minutes pitch at Dorkboat
</li><li> The camp guide should include "no skinny dipping"
</li><li> Jonty will look into printing for the camp guide. We need a designer.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Events.2FBar_.28Russ_.2F_Charles.29">Events/Bar (Russ / Charles)</span></h4>
<ul><li> When we visited we noticed that the stormwater from the motorway goes through the roof of the bridge and are broken off. 2 in each corner of the bridge, 1 old 1 new. Can see daylight from the new ones. Looks like there are drains below the pipes. These will need fixing otherwise we will have a flooded bar. About 4 inch in diameter. Not sure if anyone had pointed this out, Benny
<ul><li> It'll be easy enough to put up guttering ourselves.  Unlikely MKPT or Highways Agency will take that on.
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<p>Artificial flooring for the bar is £90 for what we need. We could probably just buy this if we can store it.
</p>
<ul><li> The Barrel Bikers, who use the same site, only license the beer tent. How this works with taking beers around the site and music is unclear, so we should check with them.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Merchandise_.28Stavros.29">Merchandise (Stavros)</span></h4>
<p><i>Stavros didn't attend or send an update for the meeting</i>
</p>
<ul><li> This is a lower priority to the brand design.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Under_18s">Under 18s</span></h4>
<ul><li> Alex/yaxu is offering to take on the under-18 project, see mailing list discussion.
</li><li> U18 will be advisory to Oni, not a full team.
</li><li> Barrel Bikers suggest it'll be fine. Again, we'll gauge SAG's response.
</li><li> Hoping to have just 1 ECRB-checked person on-call at a time (will ideally overlap with first aid).
</li><li> Ticket pricing is an interesting problem. We think something like 50% discount for under 14s seems fair, and have adjusted the budget to allow for 30 such tickets.
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Other_Issues_Arising">Other Issues Arising</span></h3>
<p>We can probably reduce ticket price by reducing hire: villages will take the place of extra tents.
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Team_Modifications">Team Modifications</span></h3>
<ul><li> Is anyone understaffed, or under too much pressure?
</li><li> Sanitation
<ul><li> Do we have a new secondary?
</li></ul>
</li><li> Venues
<ul><li> Do we have a new secondary?
</li></ul>
</li><li> Transport
<ul><li> Do we have a new secondary?
</li></ul>
</li><li> Merchanise 
<ul><li> Do we have a new secondary?
</li></ul>
</li><li> u18
<ul><li> Alex is primary, requires secondary if accepted.
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Actions_for_next_week"> Actions for next week </span></h3>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Treasury"> Treasury </span></h4>
<ul><li> Start a list of payments required and put it into a timeline of required ticket sales.
</li><li> We need to sell 20 more pre-sales by 28th June if we need to pay insurance.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sanitation"> Sanitation </span></h4>
<ul><li> Confirm Datenklo count. Is 18 too many?
</li><li> Find out what the Barrel Bikers mean about the stand-pipe
</li><li> If we can, test pumping out the water dip under the bridge to see how low the water goes
</li><li> Phone Water Direct about their quote. Get all the water quotes and that survey sorted.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Internet"> Internet </span></h4>
<ul><li> Pay £720 for wireless towers
</li><li> Confirm accurate site plan
</li><li> Jasper: find someone to rack the Telehouse server
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Web"> Web </span></h4>
<ul><li> Finish migration of Lighthouse
</li><li> Prepare email to send to everyone who's bought a ticket about volunteering
</li><li> Email people who have expired reserved tickets about payment
</li><li> Make sure pricing information is visible before sign-up
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Vendors"> Vendors </span></h4>
<ul><li> Talk to Clare about vendor timeline
</li><li> See if the Barrel Bikers will lend us their cooking gear (unlikely)
</li><li> Find nearest Cash &amp; Carry
</li><li> Source oil drums for barbecues
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Volunteers"> Volunteers </span></h4>
<ul><li> Ensure the fit-up crew can commit to that week.
</li><li> Prepare a "we'd like you to volunteer" email. We need up to 250 volunteers!
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sponsorship"> Sponsorship </span></h4>
<ul><li> Contact the person at Leeds Hackspace who works at Farnell
</li><li> Russ: contact "Graham Cameron" at O'Reilly?
</li><li> Jasper/Nat: contact Pulsant
</li><li> Mark: contact Wired, Scary
</li><li> For badge sponsorship, try Mitch Altman, the r0ket guys, Veta layout (who did the Nottinghack badges, Spirit boards?
</li><li> Contact Clarks (steel), other London merchants for the tower and other stuff
</li><li> Lindas: contact Lego?
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Communication"> Communication </span></h4>
<ul><li> Jonty/Martin: finish the communications blurb
</li><li> There's a Piratepad of areas/subjects for talks, etc. We need people to brain dump into this.
</li><li> Really need to target speakers now
</li><li> Find a designer for the camp guide
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Events.2FBar"> Events/Bar </span></h4>
<ul><li> Russ: contact people who offered stuff for the bar
</li><li> Contact Barrel Bikers about licensing and their beer tent
</li><li> Source guttering for the bar
</li><li> Crypt: keep looking for hiring cost for artificial floor.
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="U18"> U18 </span></h4>
<ul><li> Jonty/Martin: prepare email for list to explain that U18s are now allowed and apologise for offence.
</li><li> Ben: provide requirements for communicating to attendees about U18s
</li><li> Mark: update the U18 text on website and ensure we can start selling kids tickets
</li><li> Martin: introduce yaxu to Oni, Alex, SamLR, Jonty.
</li><li> Soft-start for selling kids tickets (as presales?)
</li><li> Strip U18 warnings from wiki.
</li><li> Speak to Sue Black about U18s?
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Teams"> Teams </span></h4>
<ul><li> Advertise on the list for filling these places
</li></ul>

<!-- 
NewPP limit report
Preprocessor visited node count: 134/1000000
Preprocessor generated node count: 140/1000000
Post-expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/40
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
-->
</div><div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;oldid=1592">http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;oldid=1592</a>"</div>
		<div id='catlinks' class='catlinks catlinks-allhidden'></div>		<!-- end content -->
				<div class="visualClear"></div>
	</div>
</div></div>
<div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
		<h5>Views</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="ca-nstab-main" class="selected"><a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18.html" primary="1" context="subject" title="View the content page [c]" accesskey="c">Page</a></li>
				<li id="ca-talk" class="new"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Talk:Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" primary="1" context="talk" title="Discussion about the content page [t]" accesskey="t">Discussion</a></li>
				<li id="ca-viewsource"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;action=edit" primary="1" title="This page is protected.&#10;You can view its source [e]" accesskey="e">View source</a></li>
				<li id="ca-history"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;action=history" rel="archives" title="Past revisions of this page [h]" accesskey="h">History</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-personal">
		<h5>Personal tools</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="pt-createaccount"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-06-18&amp;type=signup">Create account</a></li>
				<li id="pt-login"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-06-18" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]" accesskey="o">Log in</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
<a href="../../../../index.html" style="background-image: url(../../../../misc/emf_logo_small.png);" title="Visit the main page"></a>
	</div>
	<div class="generated-sidebar portlet" id="p-navigation">
		<h5>Navigation</h5>
		<div class='pBody'>
			<ul>
				<li id="n-mainpage-description"><a href="../../../../index.html" title="Visit the main page [z]" accesskey="z">Main page</a></li>
				<li id="n-portal"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/m/Project:Community_portal.html" title="About the project, what you can do, where to find things">Community portal</a></li>
				<li id="n-currentevents"><a href="../../../../articles/c/u/r/Project:Current_events.html" title="Find background information on current events">Current events</a></li>
				<li id="n-recentchanges"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges" title="A list of recent changes in the wiki [r]" accesskey="r">Recent changes</a></li>
				<li id="n-randompage"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Random" title="Load a random page [x]" accesskey="x">Random page</a></li>
				<li id="n-help"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/n/Help:Contents.html" title="The place to find out">Help</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
		<h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
		<div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
			<form action="/w/index.php" id="searchform">
				<input type='hidden' name="title" value="Special:Search"/>
				<input type="search" name="search" title="Search Electromagnetic Field [f]" accesskey="f" id="searchInput" />
				<input type="submit" name="go" value="Go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if exists" id="searchGoButton" class="searchButton" />&#160;
				<input type="submit" name="fulltext" value="Search" title="Search the pages for this text" id="mw-searchButton" class="searchButton" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-tb">
		<h5>Toolbox</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="t-whatlinkshere"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18" title="A list of all wiki pages that link here [j]" accesskey="j">What links here</a></li>
				<li id="t-recentchangeslinked"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18" title="Recent changes in pages linked from this page [k]" accesskey="k">Related changes</a></li>
				<li id="t-specialpages"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages" title="A list of all special pages [q]" accesskey="q">Special pages</a></li>
				<li id="t-print"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;printable=yes" rel="alternate" title="Printable version of this page [p]" accesskey="p">Printable version</a></li>
				<li id="t-permalink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-18&amp;oldid=1592" title="Permanent link to this revision of the page">Permanent link</a></li>
<li id="t-smwbrowselink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D06-2D18" title="Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D06-2D18">Browse properties</a></li>			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
</div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
<div class="visualClear"></div>
<div id="footer">
	<div id="f-copyrightico">
		<a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/"><img src="/2012/w/skins/common/images/cc-by-nc-sa.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<div id="f-poweredbyico">
		<a href="//www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="/2012/w/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
		<a href="http://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki"><img src="/2012/w/extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/skins/images/smw_button.png" alt="Powered by Semantic MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<ul id="f-list">
		<li id="credits">This page was last modified 07:44, 21 June 2012 by <a href="../../../../articles/m/s/7/User:Ms7821.html" title="User:Ms7821">Mark</a>. Based on work by <a href="../../../../articles/n/a/t/User:Natm.html" title="User:Natm">Nat Morris</a>, <a href="../../../../articles/j/o/n/User:Jonty.html" title="User:Jonty">Jonty Wareing</a>, <a href="../../../../articles/o/n/i/User:Oni.html" title="User:Oni">Benjamin</a> and <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Benny&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Benny (page does not exist)">Benny</a> and Electromagnetic Field users <a href="../../../../articles/r/u/s/User:Russ.html" title="User:Russ">Russ</a> and <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind.html" title="User:Martind">Martind</a>.</li>
		<li id="copyright">Content is available under <a class="external" href="../../../../../COPYING.html">Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike</a>.</li>
		<li id="privacy"><a href="../../../../articles/p/r/i/Project:Privacy_policy.html" title="Project:Privacy policy">Privacy policy</a></li>
		<li id="about"><a href="../../../../articles/a/b/o/Project:About.html" title="Project:About">About Electromagnetic Field</a></li>
		<li id="disclaimer"><a href="../../../../articles/g/e/n/Project:General_disclaimer.html" title="Project:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>
</div>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"loading","user":"missing","user.groups":"ready"});
}</script>

<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"ready"});
}</script>
<!-- Served in 22.971 secs. --></body></html>