<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs">
<head>
<title>Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25 - Electromagnetic Field</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.20.1" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../../../misc/favicon.ico" />
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="../../../../../opensearch_desc.php" title="Electromagnetic Field (en)" />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" href="api.php?action=rsd" />
<link rel="copyright" href="../../../../../COPYING.html" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Electromagnetic Field Atom feed" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;feed=atom" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint%2Cshared%7Cskins.monobook&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*" />
<!--[if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE70Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]--><meta name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles" content="" />
<style>a{text-decoration:none}#toc{display:none}.editsection{display:none}
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-css:7:976783b4e38d41c66f69f0c83dc46169 */</style>

<script src="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=startup&amp;only=scripts&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*"></script>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.config.set({"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":false,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25","wgTitle":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25","wgCurRevisionId":1694,"wgArticleId":277,"wgIsArticle":true,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":[],"wgBreakFrames":false,"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRelevantPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25","wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"sfgAutocompleteValues":[],"sfgAutocompleteOnAllChars":false,"sfgFieldProperties":[],"sfgDependentFields":[],"sfgShowOnSelect":[],"sfgScriptPath":"/w/extensions/SemanticForms"});
}</script><script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.implement("user.options",function(){mw.user.options.set({"skin":"monobook","editsection":0});;},{},{});mw.loader.implement("user.tokens",function(){mw.user.tokens.set({"editToken":"+\\","watchToken":false});;},{},{});
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-js:7:d50ed6faa6d35e0fe3e6a43155d953fd */
}</script>

		<link rel="alternate" type="application/rdf+xml" title="Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;xmlmime=rdf" />
</head>
<body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr ns-0 ns-subject page-Planning_Minutes_2012-06-25 skin-monobook action-view">
<div id="globalWrapper">
<div id="column-content"><div id="content" class="mw-body-primary">
	<a id="top"></a>
	
	<h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading"><span dir="auto">Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25</span></h1>
	<div id="bodyContent" class="mw-body">
		<div id="siteSub">From Electromagnetic Field</div>
		<div id="contentSub"><span class="subpages">&lt; <a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning.html" title="Planning">Planning</a></span></div>
		<!-- start content -->
<div id="mw-content-text" lang="en" dir="ltr" class="mw-content-ltr"><p><br />
</p>
<table id="toc" class="toc"><tr><td><div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Prelude"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Prelude</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Team_Updates"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Team Updates</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Administration_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Administration (Russ / Nick)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Treasury_.2F_Budget_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Treasury / Budget (Russ / Nick)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Power_.28Russ.2FWill.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Power (Russ/Will)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#Sanitation_.28Crypt.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Sanitation (Crypt)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-7"><a href="#Internet_.28Jasper.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.5</span> <span class="toctext">Internet (Jasper)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-8"><a href="#Web_Infra_.28Mark_.2F_Jasper.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.6</span> <span class="toctext">Web Infra (Mark / Jasper)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-9"><a href="#Vendors_.28Clare.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.7</span> <span class="toctext">Vendors (Clare)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-10"><a href="#Venues_.28Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.8</span> <span class="toctext">Venues (Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-11"><a href="#Transport_.28Alison.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.9</span> <span class="toctext">Transport (Alison)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-12"><a href="#Volunteers_.28Oni.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.10</span> <span class="toctext">Volunteers (Oni)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-13"><a href="#FirstAid_.28Oni.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.11</span> <span class="toctext">FirstAid (Oni)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-14"><a href="#Security_.28Oni.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.12</span> <span class="toctext">Security (Oni)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-15"><a href="#Badge_.28Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.13</span> <span class="toctext">Badge (Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-16"><a href="#Sponsorship_.28Alex.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.14</span> <span class="toctext">Sponsorship (Alex)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-17"><a href="#Bar_.28Russ_.2F_Charles.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.15</span> <span class="toctext">Bar (Russ / Charles)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-18"><a href="#Merchandise_.28Stavros.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.16</span> <span class="toctext">Merchandise (Stavros)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-19"><a href="#Communication_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.17</span> <span class="toctext">Communication (Martin, Jonty)</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-20"><a href="#Events_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29"><span class="tocnumber">2.18</span> <span class="toctext">Events (Martin, Jonty)</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-21"><a href="#Topics_of_the_Week"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Topics of the Week</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-22"><a href="#U18"><span class="tocnumber">3.1</span> <span class="toctext">U18</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-23"><a href="#Logo"><span class="tocnumber">3.2</span> <span class="toctext">Logo</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-24"><a href="#Comms_Design"><span class="tocnumber">3.3</span> <span class="toctext">Comms Design</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-25"><a href="#Site_Relaunch.3F"><span class="tocnumber">3.4</span> <span class="toctext">Site Relaunch?</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-26"><a href="#Gaming_Tent.3F"><span class="tocnumber">3.5</span> <span class="toctext">Gaming Tent?</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-27"><a href="#Team_Modifications"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Team Modifications</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-28"><a href="#Actions_for_next_week"><span class="tocnumber">5</span> <span class="toctext">Actions for next week</span></a></li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Prelude"> Prelude </span></h2>
<p>Minutes: we can't delay their publication. Our staff outside London depend on them, and they need them quickly. 
</p><p>Instead of relying on individuals to post them let's instead piratepad them from now on. Create a pad here: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/">https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/</a>
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Team_Updates"> Team Updates </span></h2>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Administration_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29">Administration (Russ / Nick)</span></h3>
<p>Timeline: 
</p>
<ul><li> original plan: sell tickets next week; remains for now (need cash)
</li><li> ~9 weeks until event
</li><li> pre-sales: sold 82 tickets; would like to sell some more to cover deposits
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Treasury_.2F_Budget_.28Russ_.2F_Nick.29">Treasury / Budget (Russ / Nick)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Bank Balance: £2,957.02
<ul><li> Can cover site fee (next Thur) and tower rental deposit (this week)
</li><li> Next: some power/Internet deposits
</li></ul>
</li><li> Added 10% contingency on all expences
</li><li> Also added 20 tickets at 50% discount (e.g. kids)
</li><li> may decide to start with lower price and increase ticket prices later to incentivise early sales
</li><li> new estimated ticket price: £94 (and 20 tickets at 50%)
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Power_.28Russ.2FWill.29">Power (Russ/Will)</span></h3>
<p><b>New progress/issues:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Having spoken to many hire companies we are struggling to find suitable towable generators, because they are not that commonly used and those that are have been booked for Olympic related events.
</li><li> Non towable generators will have a larger capacity, but also run quieter due to being event spec.
</li><li> All dry hire power kit will arrive either on pallets or in containers designed to be lifted by crane or telehander/forklift (see - <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://yfrog.com/h8d17bjyj">http://yfrog.com/h8d17bjyj</a> and <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://foto.eth-0.nl/main.php?g2_itemId=15638">http://foto.eth-0.nl/main.php?g2_itemId=15638</a>)
</li><li> Telehandler rental is £402 for the week (inc vat and delivery/collection from site) from Ace Parts hire in MK. This will also be useful for other purposes. (We would like to avoid the expense but are runnng out of options). Requires trained personnel, £300 per person. Russ proposes he and&#160;??? are trained and cover 50% of training themselves.
</li><li> Will has been exploring options for telehandler training.
</li><li> Also planning to determine whether we can pump out the flooded underpass next to the enatrance for potential access with taller machinery
</li><li> We are hoping to to place orders for generator and distribution kit by July 20th.
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sanitation_.28Crypt.29">Sanitation (Crypt)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Currently toilet hire, for 10 x toilets, 1 x disabled, 1 x 5 man urinal and cleaning £1860, this includes the toilets we currently have hired for datenklo, but will increase as we now need more
</li><li> Fencing, waiting for revised quote for lower fencing requirements, although from the last quote I've estimated this at about £1950, they like to send quotes by post though so will wait for this (also keen to have a half-height fence)
</li><li> water: anglian water require lots of paperwork and council permission before doing servey.  Looks as if best bet is to go with tankers, estimated cost £6000
<ul><li> Also got in touch with Barrel Bikers to get details for standpipe access
</li></ul>
</li><li> Showers: 1 x 6 bay shower cost £1530 (incl wastewater removal)
</li><li> flooring: need to confirm exact area we need, in theory this should be reletively cheap ( no more than £300 absolute maximum )
</li><li> Litter: still waiting on final quote will give final numbers on this next week
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Internet_.28Jasper.29">Internet (Jasper)</span></h3>
<p><b>New progress/issues:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Still need to pay £720 deposit for towers, Nat has requested a PDF invoice from Peter at SiteOne.
</li><li> Had confirmed with SiteOne that we don't need a cherry picker to fit either of the radio links
</li><li> Router in Pulsant MK now has a live OOB (out-of-band access) and transit connections, awaiting L2 circuit to be brought up to London.
</li><li> Telehouse router delivered, awaiting correct codes / keys from Pulsant for rack access
</li><li> Getting additional prices on backup wireless link kit.
</li><li> Still waiting on confirmation of SFP loan from Flexoptix HQ
</li><li> David Croft has joined the team, already help us out in Telehouse and able to provide a rack, UPSs and pan tilt IP cameras for event (to go on the mast).
</li><li> Jasper will be off until 5 Aug
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Web_Infra_.28Mark_.2F_Jasper.29">Web Infra (Mark / Jasper)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Still work to do; will work on Google Checkout support next
</li><li> Website design is not considered critical for ticket sales launch, atm focus is on functionality
</li><li> Aiming to be ready by weekend/Monday
</li><li> Any developers with time on their hands: we will accept your pull requests
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Vendors_.28Clare.29">Vendors (Clare)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Many of the food vendors we talk to will require us to provide tent &amp; infrastructure
</li><li> Now evaluating option of food vendor tent; e.g. Farmer's Market style; details below
</li><li> Also researching considerations where vendors may only be able to come 1/2 days
</li><li> Starting to consider whether we want to set up our own food kitchen as well (could be simple; e.g. a hog roast stand)
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Venues_.28Charles.29">Venues (Charles)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Quotes coming back very slowly
</li><li> Now looking at alternatives for "proper" flooring
</li><li> Potential "food vendors" tent:
<ul><li> currently setting up a budget/cost model for this to evaluate feasibility 
</li><li> a tent would be £150 for the duration of the camp
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Transport_.28Alison.29">Transport (Alison)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Need someone new to take over. 
<ul><li> But: much of the initial research may already be there, so we may not need to maintain a dedicated team in the long run
</li></ul>
</li><li> Also need to find a new minibus driver(s)
</li><li> TODO: Alex: talk to OU if we can use their parking
</li><li> TODO: talk to Ben/Volunteers: need people here
</li><li> TODO: ask for volunteers to help out
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Volunteers_.28Oni.29">Volunteers (Oni)</span></h3>
<ul><li> looking at buying/renting a set of lockers for the volunteers area. If they are bringing gear (which they are no doubt) they may need a safe place to leave them
</li><li> Currently evaluating ECRB requirements, procedures
</li><li>  looking at alternative food vendors such as Makro and similar for sealed refreshments (sandwiches etc) and paraphernalia. 
</li><li> call for specialist volunteers is written and ready to go, currently waiting for an updated website
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="FirstAid_.28Oni.29">FirstAid (Oni)</span></h3>
<p>No updates
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Security_.28Oni.29">Security (Oni)</span></h3>
<p>No updates
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Badge_.28Charles.29">Badge (Charles)</span></h3>
<p>No updates
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sponsorship_.28Alex.29">Sponsorship (Alex)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Now looking for badge sponsors
</li><li> Talking to a large local company who may be a very interesting sposnor
</li><li> Also talking to a few other good orgs
</li><li> Alex will be going away soon, but she will read email
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Bar_.28Russ_.2F_Charles.29">Bar (Russ / Charles)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Russ has digested the bar sales data that Koen/gmc kindly provided for HAR, so we should have much more accurate estimates of required amounts of drink.
</li><li> (For HAR: 2400l of soft drinks, 3550l of beer, 140l of wine, 1950l of club mate)
</li><li> Quickly moving into operational issues here - would be nice to know who wants to manage the bar during the event.
<ul><li> TODO: Russ to research good candidates
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Merchandise_.28Stavros.29">Merchandise (Stavros)</span></h3>
<ul><li> Main merch options could be: shirts, goodie bag, stickers
</li><li> Looking at t-shirt printing options atm, prices
</li><li> For goodie bag: ask all participating communities: do you have stuff for our goodie bag? e.g. stickers (this could even be an open call to all maker/hacker orgs)
</li><li> Logo rubber stamps would be good too (for the hackerspace passport), but just for internal use
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Communication_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29">Communication (Martin, Jonty)</span></h3>
<p>Comms
</p>
<ul><li> SamLR now on the team; finally had an induction session with Amran
</li></ul>
<ul><li> decent first draft of event description
<ul><li> <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/event-description">https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/event-description</a>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> our community outreach findings of the last weeks:
<ul><li> People unfamiliar with hackspace-type communities have a hard time understanding us quickly
</li><li> those with experience get it within 1 min and get excited
</li><li> you cannot easily explain that which they should rather personally experience.
</li><li> conclusion: Focus on approaching existing communities, they will understand us right away.
<ul><li> We can still talk to everyone else in a second pass, if we think we need to.
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> now maintaining a list of participating orgs 
<ul><li> <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Team/Communications#Participating_Orgs_.28Priority.29">http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Team/Communications#Participating_Orgs_.28Priority.29</a>
</li><li> can we get that on the website? ticket at <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://github.com/emfcamp/Website/issues/77">https://github.com/emfcamp/Website/issues/77</a>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> "planning update" blog post will go out tomorrow or Wed
<ul><li> <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/planning-update-2">https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/planning-update-2</a>
</li><li> pls let us know what you would like announced
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> anyone interested in writing about the site visit?
<ul><li> Charles: can we get clips of your videos? (People rummaging around and chatting; some good shots of the site and its misc corners)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> martind is off next week, coming back on the 9th; would like to find someone who makes sure minutes get posted next week
</li></ul>
<ul><li> did some dorkboat outreach last Sat; got an incredibly good response
</li><li> will send out more emails to misc mailing lists v soon to advertise the camp
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Events_.28Martin.2C_Jonty.29">Events (Martin, Jonty)</span></h3>
<ul><li> still on the backburner atm
</li></ul>
<ul><li> strong feeling: unconference sessions will be much more interesting/fruitful than just a classic conference format
<ul><li> there'll be a lot of free energy unleashed by the situation
</li><li> but: need to figure out how to prepare people (inform them, motivate them, help them run sessions)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> aiming to get at least 2-3 "big name" speakers lined up
<ul><li> Talk to Jonty if you have suggestions (we already have a whishlist)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Topics_of_the_Week">Topics of the Week</span></h2>
<ul><li> new Etherpad server at <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/">https://emfcamp.pads.ccc.de/</a>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="U18"> U18 </span></h3>
<ul><li> Ben will be local contact (have you started talking already?)
</li><li> Alex phoned up the CRB people, they state it's down to our licensing authority to determine concrete requirements
<ul><li> i.e.: final answer is whatever MKPT and the SAG tell us after they've reviewed our plans
</li></ul>
</li><li> as a result Alex suggests we can now declare it open to children as well
<ul><li> would be good to soon start communicating our changed intentions publicly. 
</li><li> Let's see how far we can get by the time we start full ticket sales.
</li></ul>
</li><li> proposed remit for Alex:
<ul><li> he will maintain a list of all identified risks, and prepare proposals for how we deal with them
</li><li> he will coordinate this with Admin and Volunteers, and ensure enough people are there to help out
</li></ul>
</li><li> he strongly suggests: shared risk assessment exercise between Russ, Ben, Alex
<ul><li> Russ points out: TEN will be submitted within a week
</li></ul>
</li><li> he suggests: family tent area (e.g. close to toilets) -- makes it much easier to find parents, kids can socialise etc
</li><li> note: he's busy atm, but will have more time from July
</li></ul>
<ul><li> decision: we will announce u18 with full ticket sales
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Logo"> Logo </span></h3>
<ul><li> Stavros: Logo update
</li><li> Prepared misc variants, sizes, contexts, uses
</li><li> Now taking votes between two variants
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Comms_Design"> Comms Design </span></h3>
<ul><li> Roberto's comms design proposal
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Site_Relaunch.3F"> Site Relaunch? </span></h3>
<ul><li> Site relaunch
<ul><li> Who is interested in coordinating this? Already a few activities/people worth bringing in
</li><li> Collect suggestions for what to have on the site; then develop a concept (blog? short pages with links? community forum? etc)
</li><li> Site design &amp; skinning: who has time to work on it this week? (Stavros, Roberto, Oni? Otherwise: reach out to gmjhowe)
</li><li> Kate (Nottinghack) offers help writing copy
</li></ul>
</li><li> Kate/Scary is offering her help with "marketing" efforts (writing, presentation etc); martind will try and set something up this week (she can't come tonight, and is off from Friday until the 9th)
<ul><li> Jonty/Alex/? -- got time to meet her?
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Gaming_Tent.3F"> Gaming Tent? </span></h3>
<ul><li> Retro Gaming at EMFcamp - these guys may need space in a tent for the entire session?
</li><li> Plus two other groups, maybe more
</li><li> Should suggest to them to start a gaming village
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Team_Modifications">Team Modifications</span></h2>
<ul><li> Some teams still need a secondary contact!
</li><li> New wiki section: <a href="../../../../articles/t/e/a/Teams.html#Open_Positions" title="Teams">Teams#Open_Positions</a> -- it is primarily the respective team's responsibility to fill these, but we'll also make some effort to promote them. Pls make sure your team contacts are prominent (e.g. create your user page with contact details.)
</li><li> alexm/<a href="../../../../articles/y/a/x/User:Yaxu.html" title="User:Yaxu">Yaxu</a> is joining the team this week
</li><li> <a href="../../../../articles/d/a/v/User:Davidc.html" title="User:Davidc"> Davidc</a> has joined the Internet team
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Actions_for_next_week">Actions for next week</span></h2>
<ul><li> everyone has loads of their own tasks
</li><li> TODO: Alex: talk to OU if we can use their parking
</li><li> TODO: inform Ben/Volunteers: would like people for Transport (minibus, maybe research)
</li><li> TODO: Russ to research good candidates for Bar staff/org
</li></ul>

<!-- 
NewPP limit report
Preprocessor visited node count: 111/1000000
Preprocessor generated node count: 116/1000000
Post-expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/40
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
-->
</div><div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;oldid=1694">http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;oldid=1694</a>"</div>
		<div id='catlinks' class='catlinks catlinks-allhidden'></div>		<!-- end content -->
				<div class="visualClear"></div>
	</div>
</div></div>
<div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
		<h5>Views</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="ca-nstab-main" class="selected"><a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25.html" primary="1" context="subject" title="View the content page [c]" accesskey="c">Page</a></li>
				<li id="ca-talk" class="new"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Talk:Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" primary="1" context="talk" title="Discussion about the content page [t]" accesskey="t">Discussion</a></li>
				<li id="ca-viewsource"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;action=edit" primary="1" title="This page is protected.&#10;You can view its source [e]" accesskey="e">View source</a></li>
				<li id="ca-history"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;action=history" rel="archives" title="Past revisions of this page [h]" accesskey="h">History</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-personal">
		<h5>Personal tools</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="pt-createaccount"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-06-25&amp;type=signup">Create account</a></li>
				<li id="pt-login"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-06-25" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]" accesskey="o">Log in</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
<a href="../../../../index.html" style="background-image: url(../../../../misc/emf_logo_small.png);" title="Visit the main page"></a>
	</div>
	<div class="generated-sidebar portlet" id="p-navigation">
		<h5>Navigation</h5>
		<div class='pBody'>
			<ul>
				<li id="n-mainpage-description"><a href="../../../../index.html" title="Visit the main page [z]" accesskey="z">Main page</a></li>
				<li id="n-portal"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/m/Project:Community_portal.html" title="About the project, what you can do, where to find things">Community portal</a></li>
				<li id="n-currentevents"><a href="../../../../articles/c/u/r/Project:Current_events.html" title="Find background information on current events">Current events</a></li>
				<li id="n-recentchanges"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges" title="A list of recent changes in the wiki [r]" accesskey="r">Recent changes</a></li>
				<li id="n-randompage"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Random" title="Load a random page [x]" accesskey="x">Random page</a></li>
				<li id="n-help"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/n/Help:Contents.html" title="The place to find out">Help</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
		<h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
		<div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
			<form action="/w/index.php" id="searchform">
				<input type='hidden' name="title" value="Special:Search"/>
				<input type="search" name="search" title="Search Electromagnetic Field [f]" accesskey="f" id="searchInput" />
				<input type="submit" name="go" value="Go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if exists" id="searchGoButton" class="searchButton" />&#160;
				<input type="submit" name="fulltext" value="Search" title="Search the pages for this text" id="mw-searchButton" class="searchButton" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-tb">
		<h5>Toolbox</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="t-whatlinkshere"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25" title="A list of all wiki pages that link here [j]" accesskey="j">What links here</a></li>
				<li id="t-recentchangeslinked"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25" title="Recent changes in pages linked from this page [k]" accesskey="k">Related changes</a></li>
				<li id="t-specialpages"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages" title="A list of all special pages [q]" accesskey="q">Special pages</a></li>
				<li id="t-print"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;printable=yes" rel="alternate" title="Printable version of this page [p]" accesskey="p">Printable version</a></li>
				<li id="t-permalink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-06-25&amp;oldid=1694" title="Permanent link to this revision of the page">Permanent link</a></li>
<li id="t-smwbrowselink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D06-2D25" title="Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D06-2D25">Browse properties</a></li>			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
</div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
<div class="visualClear"></div>
<div id="footer">
	<div id="f-copyrightico">
		<a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/"><img src="/w/skins/common/images/cc-by-nc-sa.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<div id="f-poweredbyico">
		<a href="//www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="/w/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
		<a href="http://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki"><img src="/w/extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/skins/images/smw_button.png" alt="Powered by Semantic MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<ul id="f-list">
		<li id="credits">This page was last modified 18:17, 26 June 2012 by Electromagnetic Field user <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind.html" title="User:Martind">Martind</a>. Based on work by <a href="../../../../articles/n/a/t/User:Natm.html" title="User:Natm">Nat Morris</a>, <a href="../../../../articles/o/n/i/User:Oni.html" title="User:Oni">Benjamin</a> and <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Crypt&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Crypt (page does not exist)">Martin</a> and Electromagnetic Field user <a href="../../../../articles/r/u/s/User:Russ.html" title="User:Russ">Russ</a>.</li>
		<li id="copyright">Content is available under <a class="external" href="../../../../../COPYING.html">Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike</a>.</li>
		<li id="privacy"><a href="../../../../articles/p/r/i/Project:Privacy_policy.html" title="Project:Privacy policy">Privacy policy</a></li>
		<li id="about"><a href="../../../../articles/a/b/o/Project:About.html" title="Project:About">About Electromagnetic Field</a></li>
		<li id="disclaimer"><a href="../../../../articles/g/e/n/Project:General_disclaimer.html" title="Project:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>
</div>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"loading","user":"missing","user.groups":"ready"});
}</script>

<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"ready"});
}</script>
<!-- Served in 24.466 secs. --></body></html>