<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs">
<head>
<title>Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21 - Electromagnetic Field</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.20.1" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../../../misc/favicon.ico" />
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="../../../../../opensearch_desc.php" title="Electromagnetic Field (en)" />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" href="api.php?action=rsd" />
<link rel="copyright" href="../../../../../COPYING.html" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Electromagnetic Field Atom feed" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;feed=atom" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint%2Cshared%7Cskins.monobook&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*" />
<!--[if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../skins/monobook/IE70Fixes.css?303" media="screen" /><![endif]--><meta name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles" content="" />
<style>a{text-decoration:none}#toc{display:none}.editsection{display:none}
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-css:7:976783b4e38d41c66f69f0c83dc46169 */</style>

<script src="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/load.php?debug=false&amp;lang=en&amp;modules=startup&amp;only=scripts&amp;skin=monobook&amp;*"></script>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.config.set({"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":false,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21","wgTitle":"Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21","wgCurRevisionId":917,"wgArticleId":134,"wgIsArticle":true,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":[],"wgBreakFrames":false,"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRelevantPageName":"Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21","wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"sfgAutocompleteValues":[],"sfgAutocompleteOnAllChars":false,"sfgFieldProperties":[],"sfgDependentFields":[],"sfgShowOnSelect":[],"sfgScriptPath":"/w/extensions/SemanticForms"});
}</script><script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.implement("user.options",function(){mw.user.options.set({"skin":"monobook","editsection":0});;},{},{});mw.loader.implement("user.tokens",function(){mw.user.tokens.set({"editToken":"+\\","watchToken":false});;},{},{});
/* cache key: emfwiki:resourceloader:filter:minify-js:7:d50ed6faa6d35e0fe3e6a43155d953fd */
}</script>

		<link rel="alternate" type="application/rdf+xml" title="Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21" href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;xmlmime=rdf" />
</head>
<body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr ns-0 ns-subject page-Planning_Minutes_2012-05-21 skin-monobook action-view">
<div id="globalWrapper">
<div id="column-content"><div id="content" class="mw-body-primary">
	<a id="top"></a>
	
	<h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading"><span dir="auto">Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21</span></h1>
	<div id="bodyContent" class="mw-body">
		<div id="siteSub">From Electromagnetic Field</div>
		<div id="contentSub"><span class="subpages">&lt; <a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning.html" title="Planning">Planning</a></span></div>
		<!-- start content -->
<div id="mw-content-text" lang="en" dir="ltr" class="mw-content-ltr"><table id="toc" class="toc"><tr><td><div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Minutes"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Minutes</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#CfP"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">CfP</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Ticket_Pre-Sales"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Ticket Pre-Sales</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Org_structure.2C_teams.2C_documentation"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Org structure, teams, documentation</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#Team_Updates"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Team Updates</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-7"><a href="#Admin"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.1</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Admin</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-8"><a href="#Treasury"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.2</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Treasury</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-9"><a href="#Power"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.3</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Power</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-10"><a href="#Internet"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.4</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Internet</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-11"><a href="#Sanitation"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.5</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Sanitation</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-12"><a href="#Venues"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.6</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Venues</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-13"><a href="#Bars"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.7</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Bars</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-14"><a href="#Proposed_.22Performances.22_team"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.8</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Proposed "Performances" team</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-15"><a href="#Web_infrastructure"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.9</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Web infrastructure</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-16"><a href="#Transport"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.10</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Transport</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-17"><a href="#Sponsors"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.11</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Sponsors</b></span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-18"><a href="#Vendors"><span class="tocnumber">2.4.12</span> <span class="toctext"><b>Vendors</b></span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-19"><a href="#Community_Outreach"><span class="tocnumber">2.5</span> <span class="toctext">Community Outreach</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-20"><a href="#Accessibility_considerations"><span class="tocnumber">2.6</span> <span class="toctext">Accessibility considerations</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-21"><a href="#Site_visit"><span class="tocnumber">2.7</span> <span class="toctext">Site visit</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-22"><a href="#Badges"><span class="tocnumber">2.8</span> <span class="toctext">Badges</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-23"><a href="#Logo"><span class="tocnumber">2.9</span> <span class="toctext">Logo</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-24"><a href="#Next_meeting"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Next meeting</span></a></li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda"> Agenda </span></h2>
<ul><li> CfP summary so far
</li><li> Pre-sales status
</li><li> Org structure, teams, documentation
</li><li> Team updates
<ul><li> Admin, Treasury
</li><li> Power
</li><li> Internet
</li><li> Discuss best structure for "Toilets/Water/Rubbish/Shower" teams
</li><li> <s>Finalise whether we want showers and waste water or not</s> Proposing a "showers" team
</li><li> New "Venues" team
</li><li> Proposing a "performances" team
</li><li> Proposing a "web infrastructure" team
</li><li> Proposing a "parking/traffic management/shuttle bus/offsite logistics" team
</li><li> Update on "Sponsors" team
</li></ul>
</li><li> Community outreach (let's start soon)
</li><li> Considerations for accessibility
</li><li> Determine next meeting venue (Ideally: serves meals, decent tables, quiet, wifi)
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Minutes"> Minutes </span></h2>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="CfP"> CfP </span></h3>
<ul><li> emailed the CfP to most UK hackerspaces, and some key dorkbots
</li><li> misc communities started discussions on their mailing lists
</li><li> others contacted CCC, L1600, hackerspaces.nl, etc
</li><li> more promotion still encouraged
</li><li> cf <a href="../../../../articles/e/v/e/Events/CfP.html" title="Events/CfP" class="mw-redirect">Events/CfP</a>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Ticket_Pre-Sales"> Ticket Pre-Sales </span></h3>
<ul><li> a few tasks left on the ticket sales system
</li><li> could open website tomorrow if needed
</li><li> will discuss launch sequence later
</li><li> still no news regarding EU bank account
<ul><li> TODO jonty: nag russ tomorrow
</li><li> TODO: russ: provide mark with staging login
</li></ul>
</li><li> will release 250 tickets in pre-sales
<ul><li> TODO: paul to ensure this covers downpayments
</li></ul>
</li><li> pre-sales tickets will get £5 discount
</li><li> likely: £30 deposit; final ticket price ceiling of ~£95
</li><li> TODO: jonty: find a front-end person/designer for final UX tweaks
</li><li> schedule: 
<ul><li> insurance needs to be paid at the end of the month; other downpayments can wait
</li><li> crypt will aim for code complete by Wednesday
</li><li> initially will do a soft launch
</li></ul>
</li><li> TODO: russ to set up server backups
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Org_structure.2C_teams.2C_documentation"> Org structure, teams, documentation </span></h3>
<p><b>How to introduce newcomers to current planning status?</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Charles had to do it the hard way (reading wiki pages)
</li><li> do we need better documentation?
</li><li> definitely must spend some time doing in-person briefings with new people
<ul><li> introduce them to key contacts
</li><li> give them time to ask lots of questions
</li></ul>
</li><li> note: not everybody needs to know everything
</li></ul>
<p><b>Org Structure proposal</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Cf. <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind/Org_Structure.html" title="User:Martind/Org Structure">User:Martind/Org_Structure</a>
</li><li> will start adopting some key bits (mostly: team structures)
</li><li> team coordinators (primary, secondary)
<ul><li> appointed by the team
</li><li> primary needs to be present at meetings
</li><li> best chosen by merit, not personal preference
</li></ul>
</li><li> TODO: martind to extract these core bits and make them official
</li></ul>
<p><b>Meeting structure:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> Cf. <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind/Org_Structure.html" title="User:Martind/Org Structure">User:Martind/Org_Structure</a>
</li><li> differentiate round of updates from free-form discussions?
</li><li> always need a chair and minute-taker
<ul><li> but: may be hard to find someone to volunteer for the "chair" role as outlined in this proposal: much hard work, little personal benefit
</li><li> for now we can rotate, has worked well so far
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<p><b>Team structure updates:</b>
</p>
<ul><li> cf. <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind/Teams.html" title="User:Martind/Teams" class="mw-redirect">User:Martind/Teams</a>
</li><li> made some tweaks (e.g. secondary contacts)
</li><li> DECISION: we can adopt this
<ul><li> TODO: martind: make official on wiki
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Team_Updates"> Team Updates </span></h3>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Admin"><b>Admin</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> TODO: new second contact: Paul2
</li><li> updated insurance quotes 
<ul><li> ~£450 liability insurance
</li><li> event cancellation insurance: pending ("flood-plane" discussions; flood risk likely more substantial than expected according to environment agency. Has no practical implications for us, but has implications on insurance cost.)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Treasury"><b>Treasury</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> increased power budget by £2.5k after last week's discussion
</li><li> will add showers to budget soon, and increase water budget accordingly
</li><li> First Aid: should discuss with more First Aiders
<ul><li> TODO: jonty to talk to Mark of St John's (?)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Power"><b>Power</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> Benny still convinced that we can do all power under £5k
</li><li> atm still cautiously over-budgeting at £10k 
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Internet"><b>Internet</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> detailed status update at: <a href="../../../../articles/i/n/t/Internet/Reports/2012-05-21.html" title="Internet/Reports/2012-05-21">Internet/Reports/2012-05-21</a>
</li><li> current options: radio uplink or FTTP; both not final yet
</li><li> currently assessing requirements for kit
</li><li> data centre discussions: going well, but still not have had a definite commitment
<ul><li> chasing them atm
</li></ul>
</li><li> requesting quotes for microwave links
</li><li> want to talk to Cisco for wifi access points (looking for a good contact atm)
</li><li> currently determining budget and modalities for a survey by BT engineer
<ul><li> would like ~£100 out of pre-sales budget for this
</li></ul>
</li><li> TODO: jasper talk to Osmosoft, BT Labs
</li><li> radio masts
<ul><li> Artag had a look at the mast (it's on Flickr): "needs work", "it's large"
</li><li> Phil has the right expertise for this, and has more masts
</li><li> would like to do a proper site visit with test run (with Artag, Jasper, Phil, Mark, others)
</li><li> TODO: Mark: send land rover to MK (for Jasper)
</li></ul>
</li><li> TODO: Russ, Jasper: insurance to cover loaned Internet kit
</li><li> atm preparing temporary IP range
</li><li> TODO: russ: will power cabinets be usable for network equipment?
<ul><li> TODO: Jasper: start talking to Benny (there are more questions)
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sanitation"><b>Sanitation</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> new "Sanitation" team: water, toilets, showers, rubbish
<ul><li> crypt is primary; paul secondary
</li><li> TODO: paul to hand anything over to crypt?
</li></ul>
</li><li> toilets
<ul><li> minimum hire for toilets is 1 week; so they will be there for site setup (likely: Wed-Tue)
</li><li> DONE: martind: add that to timeline
</li></ul>
</li><li> rubbish
<ul><li> need better estimates
</li></ul>
</li><li> showers
<ul><li> Long mailing list discussion: <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://groups.google.com/d/topic/uk-hack-camp/Hl6E_SCsJsQ/discussion">Do we need showers?</a>.
</li><li> DECISION: yes, we will get showers
</li><li> Paul/Artag were getting quotes; updating budget now
<ul><li> TODO: paul/crypt to get more quotes
</li></ul>
</li><li> are we paying them via tickets, or selling shower passes?
<ul><li> DECISION: part of ticket price. much less work on our side
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li><li> water
<ul><li> do we prefer mains supply, or tank?  (final prices for the former tbd)
</li><li> mains water depends on land survey; potentially large savings
</li><li> DECISION: we will pay for the survey, but still advance both options
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Venues"><b>Venues</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> our planned venue capacity:
<ul><li> smaller HQ tent
</li><li> two large stage tents
</li><li> one large workshop tent
</li><li> a few small tents for security etc
</li></ul>
</li><li> we can also rent out further tents to villages
</li><li> need any other tents? speak to charles
</li><li> Bars will be treated separately
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Bars"><b>Bars</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> new team (russ is primary, clare is secondary)
</li><li> plan remains to put them under the motorway
<ul><li> still need to verify that the bridge doesn't leak when it rains
</li><li> we won't be able to attach anything to the bridge itself
</li></ul>
</li><li> do we need flooring?
<ul><li> TODO: russ: tell Charles your furniture requirements (flooring, bar furniture, emergency lighting)
</li></ul>
</li><li> bar logistics will come later
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Proposed_.22Performances.22_team"><b>Proposed "Performances" team</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> Talked to music hackspace: "performances" team; they're keen to help out
</li><li> need to determine: will they mainly use the main venues, or should they have a dedicated village
</li><li> also need to determine how this will fit into the events/talks/workshops structure
</li><li> DECISION: "performances" activities should remains part of the "events" team
</li><li> TODO: russ: document known licensing/noise restrictions, regulations
</li><li> TODO: martind to update music hackspace people: will put you in touch with the "events" team to discuss details (once it exists); and: discuss a dedicated village
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Web_infrastructure"><b>Web infrastructure</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> team stands now (primary is Mark, crypt secondary)
</li><li> remit atm: "website etc."
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Transport"><b>Transport</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> suggested new team 
</li><li> proposed remit: "parking, traffic management, camp directions, shuttle bus"
</li><li> coordinates closely with onsite logistics
</li><li> TODO: russ: put on timeline: book a shuttle bus soon
</li><li> TODO: russ: talk to MKPT about parking options; and check if we can have a few car spaces on site (including camper vans)
</li><li> TODO: jonty: ask list for volunteers to take this on
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Sponsors"><b>Sponsors</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> need a new person to take on sponsors
</li><li> atm mostly about conversations with companies we already know
</li><li> don't yet have a good single point of contact (diligent secretarial role)
</li><li> TODO: martind: arrange meeting with Alex, Andi, Marc, Jasper: sponsorship &amp; funding team asap (this week)
</li></ul>
<h4> <span class="mw-headline" id="Vendors"><b>Vendors</b></span></h4>
<ul><li> new primary: Clare
</li><li> remit: anything relating to sales (incl food), and providing marquee rentals to vendors
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Community_Outreach"> Community Outreach </span></h3>
<ul><li> experience from CfP has shown: the best responses come when there's an existing personal connection
</li><li> time talking to communities directly will be time well spent
</li><li> jonty will speak at DC; talking to a local Dorkbot on Thur via Skype
</li><li> will also soon approach prospective speakers
<ul><li> TODO: jonty to ask on twitter: "who would you like to see speak?"
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Accessibility_considerations"> Accessibility considerations </span></h3>
<ul><li> "a rare case where we know nothing about the regulatory aspects"
</li><li> TODO: crypt: during ticket sales: ask for need for disabled access, particularly wheelchair access
</li><li> aim to make accessible: shower, toilets, venue tents
</li><li> TODO: charles, russ: start inquiring about regulatory details, ask the community etc
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Site_visit"> Site visit </span></h3>
<ul><li> aims: discuss site plan, sit down with local collaborators, invite any communities that want to check out the site
</li><li> suggestion: Sat 9 June
</li><li> TODO: jonty: send out invitation with some details tomorrow
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Badges"> Badges </span></h3>
<ul><li> Charles had <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://groups.google.com/d/topic/uk-hack-camp/wsyccm8dACo/discussion">sent a proposal</a>
</li><li> if we have badges then they will be sponsored or for purchase; they won't come out of the camp budget
</li><li> (main discussion was moved outside this planning meeting to a smaller group)
</li></ul>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="Logo"> Logo </span></h3>
<ul><li> just caught up with Stavros; he says he's working on drafts now and will be in touch soon
</li></ul>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="Next_meeting"> Next meeting </span></h2>
<ul><li> Monday 28 May, Mason &amp; Taylor, 19:30 for 20:00 as usual
</li><li> TODO: martind: email the list: suggestions for meetup venues?
</li><li> TODO: martind: file tickets for all tasks, send around a link
</li></ul>

<!-- 
NewPP limit report
Preprocessor visited node count: 94/1000000
Preprocessor generated node count: 100/1000000
Post-expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/40
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
-->
</div><div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;oldid=917">http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;oldid=917</a>"</div>
		<div id='catlinks' class='catlinks catlinks-allhidden'></div>		<!-- end content -->
				<div class="visualClear"></div>
	</div>
</div></div>
<div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
		<h5>Views</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="ca-nstab-main" class="selected"><a href="../../../../articles/p/l/a/Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21.html" primary="1" context="subject" title="View the content page [c]" accesskey="c">Page</a></li>
				<li id="ca-talk" class="new"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Talk:Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" primary="1" context="talk" title="Discussion about the content page [t]" accesskey="t">Discussion</a></li>
				<li id="ca-viewsource"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;action=edit" primary="1" title="This page is protected.&#10;You can view its source [e]" accesskey="e">View source</a></li>
				<li id="ca-history"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;action=history" rel="archives" title="Past revisions of this page [h]" accesskey="h">History</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-personal">
		<h5>Personal tools</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="pt-createaccount"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-05-21&amp;type=signup">Create account</a></li>
				<li id="pt-login"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Planning%2FMinutes%2F2012-05-21" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]" accesskey="o">Log in</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
<a href="../../../../index.html" style="background-image: url(../../../../misc/emf_logo_small.png);" title="Visit the main page"></a>
	</div>
	<div class="generated-sidebar portlet" id="p-navigation">
		<h5>Navigation</h5>
		<div class='pBody'>
			<ul>
				<li id="n-mainpage-description"><a href="../../../../index.html" title="Visit the main page [z]" accesskey="z">Main page</a></li>
				<li id="n-portal"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/m/Project:Community_portal.html" title="About the project, what you can do, where to find things">Community portal</a></li>
				<li id="n-currentevents"><a href="../../../../articles/c/u/r/Project:Current_events.html" title="Find background information on current events">Current events</a></li>
				<li id="n-recentchanges"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges" title="A list of recent changes in the wiki [r]" accesskey="r">Recent changes</a></li>
				<li id="n-randompage"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Random" title="Load a random page [x]" accesskey="x">Random page</a></li>
				<li id="n-help"><a href="../../../../articles/c/o/n/Help:Contents.html" title="The place to find out">Help</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
		<h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
		<div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
			<form action="/w/index.php" id="searchform">
				<input type='hidden' name="title" value="Special:Search"/>
				<input type="search" name="search" title="Search Electromagnetic Field [f]" accesskey="f" id="searchInput" />
				<input type="submit" name="go" value="Go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if exists" id="searchGoButton" class="searchButton" />&#160;
				<input type="submit" name="fulltext" value="Search" title="Search the pages for this text" id="mw-searchButton" class="searchButton" />
			</form>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-tb">
		<h5>Toolbox</h5>
		<div class="pBody">
			<ul>
				<li id="t-whatlinkshere"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:WhatLinksHere/Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21" title="A list of all wiki pages that link here [j]" accesskey="j">What links here</a></li>
				<li id="t-recentchangeslinked"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21" title="Recent changes in pages linked from this page [k]" accesskey="k">Related changes</a></li>
				<li id="t-specialpages"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:SpecialPages" title="A list of all special pages [q]" accesskey="q">Special pages</a></li>
				<li id="t-print"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;printable=yes" rel="alternate" title="Printable version of this page [p]" accesskey="p">Printable version</a></li>
				<li id="t-permalink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=Planning/Minutes/2012-05-21&amp;oldid=917" title="Permanent link to this revision of the page">Permanent link</a></li>
<li id="t-smwbrowselink"><a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/wiki/Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D05-2D21" title="Special:Browse/Planning-2FMinutes-2F2012-2D05-2D21">Browse properties</a></li>			</ul>
		</div>
	</div>
</div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
<div class="visualClear"></div>
<div id="footer">
	<div id="f-copyrightico">
		<a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/"><img src="/w/skins/common/images/cc-by-nc-sa.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<div id="f-poweredbyico">
		<a href="//www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="/w/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
		<a href="http://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki"><img src="/w/extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/skins/images/smw_button.png" alt="Powered by Semantic MediaWiki" width="88" height="31" /></a>
	</div>
	<ul id="f-list">
		<li id="credits">This page was last modified 03:10, 25 May 2012 by <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Solexious&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Solexious (page does not exist)">Charles Yarnold</a>. Based on work by <a href="http://wiki.emfcamp.org/w/index.php?title=User:Paul&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="User:Paul (page does not exist)">Paul</a> and Electromagnetic Field user <a href="../../../../articles/m/a/r/User:Martind.html" title="User:Martind">Martind</a>.</li>
		<li id="copyright">Content is available under <a class="external" href="../../../../../COPYING.html">Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike</a>.</li>
		<li id="privacy"><a href="../../../../articles/p/r/i/Project:Privacy_policy.html" title="Project:Privacy policy">Privacy policy</a></li>
		<li id="about"><a href="../../../../articles/a/b/o/Project:About.html" title="Project:About">About Electromagnetic Field</a></li>
		<li id="disclaimer"><a href="../../../../articles/g/e/n/Project:General_disclaimer.html" title="Project:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>
</div>
<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"loading","user":"missing","user.groups":"ready"});
}</script>

<script>if(window.mw){
mw.loader.state({"site":"ready"});
}</script>
<!-- Served in 16.312 secs. --></body></html>